Timothy Sackton: And now for a slightly different perspective.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The world turns night falls and the stars begin to flicker in the sky over Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: As the fox and hunter drift above the horizon, they watch the full moon rising for the 2514 time and listen.
Timothy Sackton: Their attention, as always, as john to the east and north, where the prayers of the brightest and the loudest the hopes for safety healing piece that ECHO across the border lands.
Timothy Sackton: They reach out as they do every night granting what minor miracles, they can to the Rangers he keeps him borrow safe the darkness of play plans.
Timothy Sackton: The work is easy tonight as the moon turns to fold the title pole of the divine presence grow stronger filling the land and the sources easy to reach.
Timothy Sackton: The fox things of days running in the forests of the North and stretches across the world, the hunter calls to him, reminding him of the task ahead but remembers the joy of those early days to.
Timothy Sackton: Their attention, though, does not.
Timothy Sackton: stay on the forest, it must drive a hills of the southern reaches have done some bar nor on the arid foothills where the people of the refounded alliance of our beds scratch, I don't living on the edge of the playgrounds the full moon also draws the darkness of the void close or.
Timothy Sackton: The hunter always with one small part of his essence watching those who carry echoes of his companions of old sees the madness pour into the soul of a poor innocent boy, a young dwarf, not even of age in the west of Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the fox tends to the prayers of the Rangers have some bar the hunter watches done more more closely, for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Across the desert and dry arid play in so hard not to cast the land in his mind's eye, as it was the people of the horse are moving.
Timothy Sackton: Service Sarah the sister of the current songwriter has returned from an unreachable prison, and many people are gathered in our camps and yet she is not marching toward not yet.
Timothy Sackton: north of the city of toker an old woman sits by a fire wondering, the hunter watches her a moment see is the prayers streaming to be asking when the strange travelers of her dreams will arrive, and how much to tell them when they do.
Timothy Sackton: The senses the tangled future here but there's little he can do to shape that destiny.
Timothy Sackton: In Tokyo the part innocent is snarling consumed with the madness of genetic on this night of power.
Timothy Sackton: The waves of the void crash over him each way of reaching higher and higher up the beach threatening to overwhelm his soul until suddenly there is calm clear water and silver twilight in the forests.
Timothy Sackton: The fox comes running is this, my home know the hunter says, just an echo of what was lost, but that ECHO still has power.
Timothy Sackton: The tide of madness receives from the boy, but not from everywhere in this city elsewhere, the darkness of the void is pulled tight bound together with the souls of those who have submitted to its power, it will be harder to free these of the curse.
Timothy Sackton: As the world turns the gaze of the fox and hunter path to the West overcharging to the endless ocean and what lies beyond.
Timothy Sackton: The sun rises in the sky and as it reaches its zenith and begins to slowly creep down towards the horizon for adventure standby a door and and underground tunnel, one of them gazing through the solid wood into a room of fork or test statues of twisted beasts.
Timothy Sackton: The door slowly begins to swing open.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was amazing.
Mike Sackton: That was pretty cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, I love how that contained all the answers to what's going on and what we should do and also we're just somehow not going to get the message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was.
Rev. David (he/him): I I I missed the who's the old woman waiting for the travelers from.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just about that, I think.
that's.
Mike Sackton: Fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah that's gotta go.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the fox in the hunter is that barrel.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah okay good dope word.
Eric Rosenbaum: is why.
Mike Sackton: Because Kansas King or add a piece of rye.
Eric Rosenbaum: That I wasn't sure about the oh yeah echoes of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: idiots that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was it 2500 moon rises or something, what was the number.
Timothy Sackton: 8514 full moons.
Eric Rosenbaum: A that corresponds to like hundreds of years.
Timothy Sackton: that's how many full moons that are in 20 203 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, since the Great War.
Mike Sackton: instagram or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The barrel, have a fox.
Mike Sackton: yeah can remember, he had a ghost yet like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's.
Mike Sackton: Will will.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will will wind.
Mike Sackton: was like.
Eric Rosenbaum: anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was my fault.
Mike Sackton: But like a spirit.
Mike Sackton: Like a giant spirit fox not like a real President I mean, originally a real fox that became very power.
Mike Sackton: Access to all kinds of magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love the perspective from the constellation looking down at our world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where do I see the big picture, so that we can carefully ignore the implications.
Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait no, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, this is actually really cool like i'm like i'm sure you're already thinking about this, but like more of this from like the perspective of all of our old characters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Last pretty fucking awesome.
Timothy Sackton: I have already thought of that right is tricky because that might give away too much, but I got a way to do it.
Timothy Sackton: I look I can give away everything and it won't matter, because you.
Eric Rosenbaum: know we got.
Rev. David (he/him): You may already have given everything away.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's digest a little bit more, there was some other interesting tidbits in there about Sarah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well so she's still waiting for the cue from from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess is it from benchmark from sancha right because they want to know who the real question is the real ruler is right.
Mike Sackton: it's not as she.
Mike Sackton: Is it something.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know sancha while sonkar is who.
Timothy Sackton: The high priest and priestess of tau crowd prayed.
Timothy Sackton: Right Sarah you're not actually sure who.
Timothy Sackton: She might be the most connected to.
Timothy Sackton: But also like the mediator of.
Timothy Sackton: Like truth and justice and so we'd be the sort of the goddess who would be the most.
Timothy Sackton: appropriate for this kind of judgment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But is there, like in the court of God judges like is there, one that everybody will be like I mean are there gonna agree, or is there going to be like conflict because, like like.
Timothy Sackton: y'all have to see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is like this girl involved somehow like.
Timothy Sackton: There is little he can do to shape that destiny.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right that's true that's what he said.
Mike Sackton: He mostly just I mean he.
Mike Sackton: he's like a minor God, but fairly minor in the scheme of things doesn't like and it's pretty like I think tim's made it pretty clear it's hard for God said directly intervene in the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So is there any chance that we'll have to play our characters from high school again because I have no fucking idea how to play those characters anymore or either I have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: know I don't think so they're all passed on to be too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah they're all in PCs now.
Timothy Sackton: complicated and powerful and.
Rev. David (he/him): More like forces in the world.
Timothy Sackton: Good yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): imma fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know I feel like I could be like a like a being.
Timothy Sackton: or though yeah but but.
Timothy Sackton: Not so much a not so much like a character, you would play as a yeah being of power, who you interact.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're.
Mike Sackton: too big to be a good part of a story because they end up.
Mike Sackton: Like you can't they have to be on the sidelines.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I at some point, I need to know what Aaron has up to.
Rev. David (he/him): I.
Rev. David (he/him): Think I don't know I think you know, at the end of that campaign he.
Rev. David (he/him): I think he didn't never figure out at least when that campaign ended he'd become the King coo firstborn.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't think I as a player had figured out like what does that mean, or like what does that what does that indicate for him.
Rev. David (he/him): So I know that when it ended his idea was just to wander all over the face of tell Dar and I think of him a little bit like one of those Dallas to mortals you know just.
Rev. David (he/him): wandering around getting into adventures and wandering back off again and laughing at everyone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: No he's like he's like Samuel jackson's character.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: He described specifically wanting to like go off and do this.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah like came from Kung fu.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what he says.
Rev. David (he/him): And every every week is just to move Syria less adventure with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The actually Aaron would be an interesting narrator much like you were just describing but like from you know from like a much more first person perspective, like inside a tavern like that, as opposed to like.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The constellation yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who would have to play well that's another question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude I was literally just thinking about that as we were when we were talking about all of our old characters being PCs honey, I like some weird interesting like force.
hahaha.
Rev. David (he/him): Good the horse.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's so much more in what TIM said oh my God, there was a thing about Rangers keeping the dangerous the plague lands at play or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's like that's like some bar and barrels native.
Land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): So is barrel, the gut like the functionally the God of the Rangers have some bar now.
Mike Sackton: Basically yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's so.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool and then we'll wind was like is this, my home but it's like no there's some connection to it, which is what exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like something about i'm Dell was.
Mike Sackton: I was wondering if you are hitting.
Mike Sackton: Bad Dallas small God isn't some way, the same from the same place tim's tim's Drake again.
I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was a pretty explicit like drop of something right there like it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, as interesting to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like that barrel is related to the dark energy shadow place where.
Mike Sackton: No, no cuz delis God was the the guidance of a car is.
Mike Sackton: Yes, trapped trapped in the shadow playing along with dealt with, but isn't from there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right rod is originally from some northern land that was peaceful and safe until she might came along and invaded it with devils that basically killed the God and then he got he was so weak that he couldn't resist being aborted shadow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and wait and Eric you were just saying, then that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will wind responded to Oh, it was to the to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: rescue of the dwarf boy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, which created this image of like a silvery forest or something and will always like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, is that my whole the car all these pieces interconnected it's like but and the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe through.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the name of the god on.
Mike Sackton: A scar.
Eric Rosenbaum: scar yeah.
Mike Sackton: It would do you say i'm sorry.
Mike Sackton: and say anything now Okay, yes I think there's an implication there that the God that grants dealt with powers might in some way be related to the kinds of places are forces that gave barrel has powers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that I like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep I like that you give our our characters has these weird connections with our old characters very cool.
Timothy Sackton: Just to try and who are you.
North.
Rev. David (he/him): which also makes me think in some ways, well be is just wandering around the world.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Welcome Aaron would get along as a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pair like for sure right.
Rev. David (he/him): I think they they would either get along or like really.
Rev. David (he/him): I really like that format for intro though it's like the it's like you said it's Alec you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm mission buried or before the action starts again.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah so good.
Mike Sackton: and actually I I like the sort of confirmation and it's nice to like feedback in the things that we think we know in a narrative voice that keeps us on track right.
Rev. David (he/him): right because we're real.
Eric Rosenbaum: With track.
Timothy Sackton: track hard to keep on track.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are easily confused and distracted yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I think we're incredibly fucking predictable like we are like literally just like where's the shiny thing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it's just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not it's not challenging it's just like you were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: website double party ever.
Timothy Sackton: that's I figured that out, it was much easier to prep because I know you're gonna just follow, whatever the newest shiny thing is so if there's if there's some part of the world, I haven't figured out yet and you're going that way it just put another shiny thing in front of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you see what will go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, and I kind of blame it all on well be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like maybe, like all on wealthy but it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least 98.9%.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's at least 20% seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true.
Mike Sackton: Well, being 20% seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think kinds of kenzo in Delaware maybe a little more agnostic but, like, I think, well we'll be in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I think yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it's unfair to put the blame on will be when when he.
Rev. David (he/him): When he makes the most compelling argument for what to do next, and the consensus is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's true you're speaking to our common, shared you know implicit value structure, I agree yeah alright.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright i'm super excited to find out what it right, but.
wow.
Timothy Sackton: As the door swings open.
Timothy Sackton: We need some different music.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like how we all.
Rev. David (he/him): Are bombs soothing.
Mike Sackton: me oh I gotta switch up to some sort of came back right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did I pick the exact same one is TIM sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, funny.
Timothy Sackton: The um.
Timothy Sackton: Let me wait, where are your characters here.
Timothy Sackton: So who is who steps through the door or none of you stepped in the door.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean it's probably Well, no, no, no, because it's dark right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah it's dark.
Rev. David (he/him): So I think we're putting the else in front.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: The alpha standing there happily walking through the door describing what was, on the other side, and you just opened I think nobody stepped through yet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay here, let me drop you on this map.
Timothy Sackton: It is dark so some of you might not see anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just club.
Mike Sackton: Is it actually pitch black, we must have some sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah let me put out your clubs.
Eric Rosenbaum: And my sense is that we are pretty deep underground at this point.
Timothy Sackton: I know you're not that deep underground, I think you would know that you're.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: you're probably not more than 20 years 20 feet underground 3315 feet hard to say, but not not like hundreds of feet underground right.
Timothy Sackton: um and you see me get some grotesque animal statues here.
Timothy Sackton: hard to find.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know what.
Timothy Sackton: The statues, as the door swings open these four statues.
Mike Sackton: Are we supposed to be able to see something.
Timothy Sackton: You are supposed to be, you should be able to see something.
Mike Sackton: out I started again now, I was.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta zoom down into the.
Mike Sackton: Very end yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: I see.
Timothy Sackton: These four statues turn.
Timothy Sackton: And look at you, as the door opens I wonder if I can remove the door here on.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no that's tricky to do.
Timothy Sackton: You know I I can just do this see if that works.
Timothy Sackton: Okay Now you can all see the room right.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And I need all this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Though.
Timothy Sackton: I don't necessarily have to talk to.
Timothy Sackton: You could shut the door and run away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The music salience hands for rolling.
I feel like it's kind of just.
Mike Sackton: How much did you ever make a shadow beast token.
Mike Sackton: My shadow be stars 20 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, I never made a shout obese token if you send me something I can make one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure, based on my initiative, I, I think, obviously was like, at this very moment, just like looking backwards thinking about something about rocks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so down with.
Rev. David (he/him): rocks rocks.
Eric Rosenbaum: rocks study study study.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be is 16 up not 176 60 and and secret is five.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so down here at first.
Mike Sackton: Okay, what are these features they're like remind me what these things look like a human size.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're human size, each one is a different.
Timothy Sackton: Is a different statue and they're all like sort of some twisted combination of two different beasts so like one will be.
Timothy Sackton: Like a snake body with I forgot what I described them all, as but it's like a snake body with a goat had an you know, a.
Timothy Sackton: lion's body with a crab had like they're all these sort of grotesque.
Timothy Sackton: hybrids of have multiple animals mashed up together.
Timothy Sackton: Each wide human size and as the door swings open, they all turned to look at you.
But.
Timothy Sackton: He was prepared gets the jump on them.
Mike Sackton: All right, we're fighting these things aren't way.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to.
Mike Sackton: i'm not i'm not going to close the door run away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can, can we all look in can I look into TIM.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you should be able to see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I saw slight.
Timothy Sackton: On your turn.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: I am going to.
Mike Sackton: So let's see.
Mike Sackton: How far down initiative orders kenzo.
Mike Sackton: rolling in initiative.
Mike Sackton: yeah he did not on the turn order list.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yes.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't get it doesn't show up for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no, I am not sure.
Timothy Sackton: that's where it all idea again.
Mike Sackton: Is this little is that token, the thing you put on from my shadow creature.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and i've been forgetting to do this, but remember, if you want to.
Timothy Sackton: call a.
Timothy Sackton: Two minute strategy break at any point you are allowed to take an out of game strategy moment to represent the fact that you've your characters i've been traveling together for three months now.
Timothy Sackton: At the beginning of any round.
Mike Sackton: So quick out of game strategy, then.
Eric Rosenbaum: sets the intentions of these things I think are hostile.
Rev. David (he/him): malevolent can we draw them towards us so we get them one, at a time in the door, rather than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice idea.
Mike Sackton: Was.
Mike Sackton: Well, I was just wondering if.
Mike Sackton: If kenzo because only one of us can fight at a time and the door right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, I read area affects things that fill the entire room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that'd be good, well, we need to assess their weaknesses like we have no idea what they're resistant to what their immunity and blah blah blah so.
Mike Sackton: I think Dallas I mean Dallas I have many, many, many ways to both be very hard to hit, and also to do lots of damage to anybody who does hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should be in the front.
Mike Sackton: I think i'll go, but I can.
Mike Sackton: feel I don't necessarily i'm not so confident in my ability to avoid being hit that I want to just like stand in the go into the room and just let them attack me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I like well these idea, a lot of like letting them come and out and stand where you are right now, and like like, for example.
Mike Sackton: haha that's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what I mean we're like.
Rev. David (he/him): It moves with.
cars.
Mike Sackton: i'm TIM.
Mike Sackton: yeah quarter.
Mike Sackton: Narrow ish leading to the.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's like it wide.
Mike Sackton: So if we all just step back, basically, it would prevent they would only they'd only be able to go one, at a time.
yep.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Can you switch positions with.
Mike Sackton: Like you can't end your turn on somebody else's Square.
Mike Sackton: But kenzo and dealt with just use our move to swap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if we want to swap What if we're like.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to swap right now, but once dealt with gets hit and there's only five hit points left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: You can't move there the tunnel is only five feet wide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can only be in one line.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, can.
Rev. David (he/him): Be clinically TIM, I think, as a halfway there can move through a medium creature space Is that correct.
Timothy Sackton: aa does it say you can do that on your character sheet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could shrink you to be even smaller.
Mike Sackton: it's either medium or large choice, but i'm not sure which.
Rev. David (he/him): Look.
Eric Rosenbaum: How tall would 50% will be.
Mike Sackton: um so what's so I can't back up yet right like unfortunately DNA.
Mike Sackton: doesn't make it easy to.
Mike Sackton: to represent people moving around tactically together, but we should be able to right why can't we can't we just all backup.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I like move back once everybody else starts moving back.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, sure.
Mike Sackton: I mean it probably doesn't matter actually because everybody will move back and then my turn will be first, so I can move back then, as well.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I think you could that's fine if you want to move five feet.
Timothy Sackton: to represent some.
Timothy Sackton: say is Councils, difficult terrain and.
Timothy Sackton: Like don't abuse or i'll have to take it away.
Mike Sackton: Okay well but Dallas actually going to do that is it's sort of like using his shadow sword i'll sort of wave a.
Mike Sackton: Wave it in the air around him and a.
Mike Sackton: dark shadow he, like flames will grow up all around his body, and he sort of vanishes can barely make them out in.
Mike Sackton: That casts twice.
Mike Sackton: And then TIM my shadow beast will fly in.
Mike Sackton: As fly by so it does not provoke opportunity attacks.
Mike Sackton: You know, go.
Mike Sackton: How tall is the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: A 10 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe eight feet, but I will say for.
Mike Sackton: So it'll fly in it'll attack this creature.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: spell attack to hit so spell attack wrong.
Mike Sackton: 21.
that's.
Mike Sackton: And it is.
Mike Sackton: So the shadow beast will fly in.
Mike Sackton: And do.
Mike Sackton: 12 points of damage.
OK.
Mike Sackton: And then he will just keep going all the way to this side.
Mike Sackton: Okay, actually, he will keep going with his move 812345670.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait we skipped the parlay step but that's okay.
Mike Sackton: We did great.
i'm sorry.
Rev. David (he/him): initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: della della is gonna be dealt with, you know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay.
Mike Sackton: I didn't actually need to attack them, I only meant to cast chat.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you know one thing leads to another but.
Mike Sackton: You know the shadow beast was just very.
Timothy Sackton: aggressive.
aggressive.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that is your turn.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so while the euro.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): I assume I can choose any of them from where I am.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Rev. David (he/him): I think what I want to do is send my drift Globe ahead of me to the.
Rev. David (he/him): To where you know, to the far edge of the room.
Timothy Sackton: Like just throw it.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay yeah exactly or Senator However I control it, and then have it cast daylight on the theory that maybe these are creatures of darkness that don't like daylight.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, great so you toss it forward and.
Timothy Sackton: there's an enormous burst of bright light erupts from the Center of the room.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing seems to happen, except that.
Timothy Sackton: Down with is still surrounded in shadows.
Mike Sackton: i'm TIM I slightly screwed up.
Mike Sackton: yeah these are both concentration.
Mike Sackton: Which shadow oil and shadow beast.
Timothy Sackton: Ah isn't shadow beast when you.
Timothy Sackton: hold on a SEC did I not.
Mike Sackton: When you don't cast it as a spell, is it not concentration.
Timothy Sackton: or no, you can just cast it without expanding spells.
Timothy Sackton: Correct so concentration.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot lose your concentration from damage, but you can't have both spells OPS you gotta pick one.
Mike Sackton: So in fact.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, it can fly by an attack and then vanishes okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You can wreck on the attack whichever you like.
Mike Sackton: Do we want to parlay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the shadow be is vanishes and does not attack the creature.
Mike Sackton: Yes, sorry if that changes whenever will wreck on it, the shadow beast disappears as dealt with gets that gets sheath and these chatter we flames, and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a brief flicker as we jumped timelines.
Mike Sackton: As we switch timelines for the one where I didn't.
Mike Sackton: Miss read the Rules and then.
Mike Sackton: At choice.
Mike Sackton: Well, be if you want to talk to them instead of casting daylight, since I didn't attack them in this timeline.
Timothy Sackton: You can still test day right and talk to them.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll just say a whole will you let us pass in peace.
Timothy Sackton: In what language.
Rev. David (he/him): What an interesting question um.
Rev. David (he/him): I will start with.
Rev. David (he/him): what's The lesson done Marie and then try sylvan.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: No are spots.
Timothy Sackton: At the moment, except one of them, so that ends your turn as we speak to them, one of them steps forward.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: looks at you all and.
Timothy Sackton: says in.
Timothy Sackton: A sort of.
Timothy Sackton: kind of a labored like sort of raspy voice.
Timothy Sackton: As he slams the door shot.
Timothy Sackton: You may not enter.
Mike Sackton: i'm not gonna let him slam the door shut.
Timothy Sackton: mega strength.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to end up letting him slam the door shut.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: No one.
Timothy Sackton: got with is like holding on.
Timothy Sackton: The door slam shot.
Rev. David (he/him): like to mention, we all fell over like a real.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, you heard the evil statue we'll have to find another way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the hell was that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean i've been wondering, as we pass through here.
Timothy Sackton: By the way, while the Center of the room.
Mike Sackton: What are they doing i'll watch them closely gays does not require constriction.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um ah after it slam the door it just goes to walk back to this corner and they go sell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, maybe we can tunnel around these guys.
could take a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it's not always so easy as that made it look back there.
Eric Rosenbaum: over here um.
Mike Sackton: If we're gonna fight them, we should do this quickly before my.
Mike Sackton: I just dropped my flame disappears.
Eric Rosenbaum: stone statues, who made these things, why are they here what are they garden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does this tuttle.
Mike Sackton: Thank all of our answers on the other side of.
Eric Rosenbaum: The tracks that we saw leading up to this place where tracks of.
Timothy Sackton: The road, I mean, some of them were booted seat, some of them were clot like claws.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But going which way which way where the claws and which were the boots.
Timothy Sackton: Both direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this is the secret access of the werewolf clan to tokers city Center.
Rev. David (he/him): And or it's something more than just an access tunnel.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like some.
Rev. David (he/him): Complex evil temple Barrett I mean who knows right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God.
Mike Sackton: I think we should just go forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that they.
Mike Sackton: Do not see my creatures that we should.
Mike Sackton: Let stay.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should just rush through.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): run can only get one opportunity attack each.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was there a door on the far side.
Timothy Sackton: As a tunnel that curve.
Timothy Sackton: Well, to a blank wall, as you start, as you can tell it ends in a blank wall.
um.
Mike Sackton: Did.
Mike Sackton: You cast daylight, can you make the daylight follow the drift club.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah I think for an hour.
Timothy Sackton: For an hour yeah.
Mike Sackton: Can you send the drifts globe.
Mike Sackton: Fire away up the title.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it has to be within 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: And you can't um.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't you can't control it, it just you carry it or it floats in space or you can throw it somewhere right you get like control it with a month.
Mike Sackton: I presumed TIM way Hello awful smell is daylight.
Timothy Sackton: Third.
daylight.
Mike Sackton: What is the interaction between the shadow of oil darkness and daylight.
Timothy Sackton: Yours is better.
Mike Sackton: So it doesn't on dark but.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't hurt.
Timothy Sackton: The darkness there's just a blob of darkness that surrounds.
Mike Sackton: But it's actually 10 feet in all directions for.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So if I just went into the Center of the room, it would be pitch black and everybody could just run through.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I missed something I was reading about how one of my.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sales works you're gonna wait when.
Mike Sackton: there's darkness and you can't actually see don't.
Timothy Sackton: Doubt with well be or seeker right now, because there is a.
Timothy Sackton: There is darkness.
Mike Sackton: Around just.
Mike Sackton: it's only once it's it's.
Mike Sackton: I think it's only one Square and every direction.
Timothy Sackton: Is that it was 10.
Mike Sackton: TIM white within 10 feet of you yep okay it's 10 feet.
Rev. David (he/him): So.
Eric Rosenbaum: location is.
Timothy Sackton: But no it's dim light not if within the realm of the drift low with dim light not.
Timothy Sackton: Our darkness because it's.
Mike Sackton: A bright light in the same area.
Mike Sackton: To debbie right directly right it's dim light it's not darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the statues won't be able to harm us if they can't see us.
Mike Sackton: They will be able to see us dial in West we get rid of the difficult.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Timothy Sackton: When you can end the spell of.
Mike Sackton: Like let's just let's just go i'll stand there if I if I cast my my cold spell as well i'll be well protected if they attack me see if everybody can just run through.
Mike Sackton: dark now if we could see a darkness, then we might have to fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's running to first.
Mike Sackton: Go stand in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so down with opens the door again.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna cut first i'm gonna cast us.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Which is okay so.
Mike Sackton: nice little boost their okay Dell has gonna push the door open Well, first of all, what are they doing.
Timothy Sackton: they're just standing in the corner.
Mike Sackton: Okay push the door open.
Timothy Sackton: hey turn and look at you and say again, you cannot enter, but you have the initiatives that you run forward.
Mike Sackton: I will go.
Mike Sackton: Stand up man, this is gonna end badly.
Mike Sackton: i'll stand right here.
Mike Sackton: Is the daylight stout style still up.
yep.
Mike Sackton: So, can you make the daylight go away there'll be dark and you guys can just pass through.
Rev. David (he/him): drew.
Timothy Sackton: You can end, you can end a spell whenever you want no action required.
Mike Sackton: Now, the only downside of this is if they can see in the darkness and you guys can't that is dark and you won't be able to hit.
Mike Sackton: Just attack that.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's try running through.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: What it is that we have a second drift club.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: i've got one always read daylight.
Timothy Sackton: So, are you doing, I mean when you're just.
Mike Sackton: Taking Dom I am going to ready in action.
Mike Sackton: Okay, to.
Mike Sackton: attack.
Mike Sackton: Whoever if any of them try to attack anybody, I will attack them first.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll be your up its pitch black in the room, you can't see anything you can hear the sound of our standing.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Rev. David (he/him): Just move through I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: treading lightly.
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet of movement to run through kenzo.
Rev. David (he/him): All right.
Timothy Sackton: And then, where you going.
Rev. David (he/him): 1234 I go there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you got one to you know 1015 2025 3030 what's your movement.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll take my cutting action.
Timothy Sackton: To death that's okay so as you run you feel a.
Timothy Sackton: clause swing at you.
Timothy Sackton: I doubt with you get to go first, though with your reaction.
Timothy Sackton: This bottom one here is the one that's making it while the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dice rolling look different.
Timothy Sackton: dark I was swinging at you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: Take the first one strikes you.
Timothy Sackton: Doing six points and slashing damage.
The second one.
Timothy Sackton: That manages to.
Timothy Sackton: You just sentence claws coming and you managed to dodge out of the way the third one is the half.
Timothy Sackton: Half lion half crab and it's got this like to enormous pincers that strike down at you dealing seven points and slashing damn.
Rev. David (he/him): You.
Timothy Sackton: And then the third one remember you have your uncanny dodge reaction.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah i'll take that on the seven I guess.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that would be only three.
Timothy Sackton: And then the last one has a rams head and just wax you for another five points of bludgeoning damage.
Timothy Sackton: As you draw the fire and run the gauntlet.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you still have like 20 feet of movement at this point, if you like, to go and.
Rev. David (he/him): isn't really totally dark.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes it's totally dark.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): Trying to shoot one anyways.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll just take it with disadvantage yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: amazing wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
Nice.
Mike Sackton: hit the one that I attacked, although I don't know which one I attacked.
Timothy Sackton: This one.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you.
Timothy Sackton: sneak attack because.
Rev. David (he/him): Good to sneak because it's within five feet of vanilla.
Timothy Sackton: Now, but you can't get sneak attack on you have disadvantage on the attack.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but still seven damage on this on this one in the bottom corner.
Eric Rosenbaum: also suggests a host approach of pitch dark target practice for will be.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the statues now i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Building begin to move.
Timothy Sackton: Two of them are going to swing they're the two on the right are going to swing at Dell with the first one is gonna bite you and then claw you that's a 14 does that help.
Mike Sackton: At 19.
Timothy Sackton: One, then the second is 11.
Timothy Sackton: They only take damage if they hit you right.
Mike Sackton: Correct they take if they hit me they're gonna take a godly amount of damage but.
Timothy Sackton: The second one misses and then hits you with its claws the way oh good.
Timothy Sackton: All right, oh seven points is lasting damage.
awesome.
Timothy Sackton: And it takes 20 points of called them and.
Mike Sackton: 20 points of call damage eight points of chronic damage.
Mike Sackton: And i'm going to use my reaction.
Timothy Sackton: You used your reaction already for your.
Timothy Sackton: How about.
Mike Sackton: That okay fine I can't do that then.
Timothy Sackton: So, as it hits it.
Timothy Sackton: just get blasted back didn't matter.
Mike Sackton: How much damage was it 37.
Timothy Sackton: Seven slashing yeah okay um.
Timothy Sackton: It gets blasted back.
and
Timothy Sackton: As the shadows reach out and push it back against the wall it shatters.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, still two more here, this one is going to chase well be.
Mike Sackton: guys, we can take these.
Timothy Sackton: mm hmm that's going to be another.
Timothy Sackton: six points of piercing damage on well be, and this one is.
Mike Sackton: TIM, do you know they have disadvantage attacking me.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no I did it.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: You want to take that.
Mike Sackton: Take it, yes, yes, just going for it.
Timothy Sackton: that's from.
shadow.
Mike Sackton: shadow oil makes you heavily geared to enemies, which intrinsically gives you just.
Timothy Sackton: Give me this.
Mike Sackton: Even if they can see you you're feeling scared.
Timothy Sackton: So this one's not going to attack again with disadvantage that miss it was disadvantage, Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end their turn.
Timothy Sackton: kenza you're out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which one should I fight.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, none of these are wounded that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which ones long winded.
Timothy Sackton: None of them are.
Mike Sackton: The one with the Green circle around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: Ah, dark so unless you drift globe.
Mike Sackton: If your drift Globe comes in the area, it will be dim light instead of pitch black there doesn't seem to be the advantage of pitch black, so I bring your.
Timothy Sackton: New pastor Jeff club there, so this is all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I will attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In front of me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will do a is also a tactical my quarter staff first.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: After tax yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That hits wait, why does it.
Timothy Sackton: Did you Oh, you know what you never.
Timothy Sackton: Let me fix that you never replaced your degraded falling apart core staff for the new core staff.
boom.
Timothy Sackton: Let me fix that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it should be an extra plus four so it's instead of three.
Timothy Sackton: Perfect you might need a reload your.
Timothy Sackton: You might need a reload your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: character sheet.
Timothy Sackton: character sheet.
yeah now.
Timothy Sackton: i'm in yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so first strike.
Timothy Sackton: So I can strike hats just hats for nine more damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I guess all three of blows a statue.
Timothy Sackton: or two unarmed strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's we're spending a key right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can make one arm arm strike without spending.
Timothy Sackton: That messes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do one more else went to Kenya or.
Timothy Sackton: No, he says sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow terrible rules and all the fucking critical failure anyways.
Timothy Sackton: So as kenzo rushes into begin pummeling this one your staff smashing the stone, but your fists struggling to make contact with the weak points of the statue seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to try to.
Eric Rosenbaum: grab one of them with my earth in hand to restrain it so we can interview it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe optimistically being friends and things with that are made of stone, as I am i'm sorry, so I will run up.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the door and then which one of the ones which.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess.
Mike Sackton: strain one.
Mike Sackton: Go for that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: By the bottom left corner one yeah so I cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: person grasp to doing that, like i'll do that third level I guess.
Timothy Sackton: strength saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see foot Square.
Timothy Sackton: It just succeeded on its strict savings wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: So giant stone hand bursts from the ground but it grapples free of it.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but the.
Timothy Sackton: hand is still the answer is still there, you can use it.
Timothy Sackton: You can use your action to.
Timothy Sackton: try again without having to cast a spell again.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I also also toss inspiration over to will be.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, as this as this statue kind of dodge started with a hand.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you see the hand emerging and turn around and look at the area around you one creature statue shattered.
Timothy Sackton: The other three engaged.
Mike Sackton: I will attack this one.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
Mike Sackton: Mrs so your cursor spread to me.
Timothy Sackton: Though.
Mike Sackton: Well, be household one.
Timothy Sackton: you're muted.
Rev. David (he/him): Since i'm in melee I will.
Rev. David (he/him): anchor my feet on the floor and take steady aim and.
Rev. David (he/him): slice this thing up with the shorts are.
Timothy Sackton: So the are now you're now in dim lights and you don't have this advantage, so you get advantage.
Timothy Sackton: and happy.
yep.
Rev. David (he/him): So.
Rev. David (he/him): This.
Timothy Sackton: 22 it's pretty good.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: looks pretty poorly off.
Timothy Sackton: let's see Okay, so one of them is going to continue to attack down with.
Timothy Sackton: The smartest creatures and.
Timothy Sackton: that's a mess, with its bite.
Timothy Sackton: that's a mess with this clause disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: The wounded wine is going to attack.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Miss with us fight, but it will get you with those crab pincers I know that's the one that's attacking me just ones, the snake guy it'll get you with this fight just gonna do eight points and piercing damage.
Timothy Sackton: And then, while be this one's going to.
Timothy Sackton: fight.
Timothy Sackton: And we.
Mike Sackton: Did one of them just attack will be.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: One of the middle because I just.
Mike Sackton: kept sorry can get out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay pens are takes eight point and slashing damage, while we what's your AC.
15.
Timothy Sackton: You take eight points of Pearson damage from its might.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: crab was come at you, and you take another.
Timothy Sackton: eight points of slashing damage from birth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turn the wi fi or do anything before this because, like i've like used key and also like hit points bad, but.
Timothy Sackton: You you.
Timothy Sackton: Use some key to the whole site somebody.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, while yeah wonderful hit points.
Mike Sackton: This morning I know we should be at.
Mike Sackton: Four points right, no, no, you took it somebody took damage from something.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you took damage from something I forget what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, what.
Mike Sackton: Can we take damage from.
noted.
Mike Sackton: can't remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: It wasn't the wearable.
Timothy Sackton: Know cuz he long rested after the werewolf and Nada you got it.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That Should I be at full health.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah you probably should be.
Timothy Sackton: How much how windy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: beard.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no yeah you should be you should have been a full House.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: I will key but you should have been so you should be right now, you should be at 45 minus eight you should be at the 37 done.
Mike Sackton: Okay ah Canada Europe.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to keep bashing the one that I am attacking right now.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, once more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mrs and i'll do it on our stray.
Timothy Sackton: you're wearing down, I mean it definitely seems like it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: slowing down it's it's your blows our landing more solid you know.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: seeker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm to if I just want to like try again with the hand is that my action.
Timothy Sackton: that's your action.
Eric Rosenbaum: try again with the head.
Timothy Sackton: That is a six so that fails.
Timothy Sackton: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: You grapple it and you do.
Timothy Sackton: Add sex damage Emerson does it take to mediate damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there was a role before.
Timothy Sackton: To just roll again for the damage, because.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: says 3D.
Timothy Sackton: 2d six Oh, you know what there's.
Timothy Sackton: There is no point in casting this spell at third level, because it does not do anything differently when you cast it at higher levels.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's Stephen alright well i'll move it down to a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: spell slot slot.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm still very much damage.
Mike Sackton: To the six on the second level spell.
Mike Sackton: Extra strain.
Timothy Sackton: But it's also restrained.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's cool so now the hand is.
Timothy Sackton: grappling.
Eric Rosenbaum: grappling it which creatures it which statues it.
Timothy Sackton: This one is the like goat head.
Timothy Sackton: there's there's crab there's like lion body crab had you're just floating ravi there's snake had.
Timothy Sackton: Fighting cancer, and this is go ahead with.
Timothy Sackton: Like a Hawk like bird ostrich lang's.
whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool I think that's my turn.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That was.
Mike Sackton: All step over here.
Mike Sackton: A way to take an opportunity attack, if it wants to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well.
Timothy Sackton: With disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: disadvantage natural one.
Mike Sackton: And then I will attack the the non restrained 115 hit.
Timothy Sackton: That just hits.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I can attack, as well as, why was.
Timothy Sackton: Our very badly trying to.
Timothy Sackton: distract this one that has well being it's sites.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be Europe.
Timothy Sackton: Look at you, as you.
Rev. David (he/him): same thing as last room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Berber The feeling is the inspiration, it can get additional damage.
Rev. David (he/him): I think i'll stick with.
Timothy Sackton: 2419 hits 24 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty huge.
Timothy Sackton: As it does this, you know this crab head turns slightly to look at Dell with who just struck at you just slip your sword in and twist and its head POPs off.
whoops.
Timothy Sackton: The statue then crumbling around.
Timothy Sackton: BONUS action are you done.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one's still gonna attack kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: 15 what's your AC kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pretty sure it's 17 yes it is 17.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and 16 also Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you just start out of the way is it's it's slowing now and it's trying to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you can tell that it's it's sort of struggling losing steam.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The second one now has doubled disadvantage, but that doesn't do anything attack dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: 19 what's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: 19 still one bite manages to get through as.
Timothy Sackton: The Ram rather Ram attack with it with it go ahead as it lunges for you that's going to do, five points of bludgeoned damage and how much time does it take.
Mike Sackton: It takes how much do we care about this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was hoping to talk to it.
Mike Sackton: I want.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something intelligible to us doesn't it.
Mike Sackton: kind of how much damage you say seven.
Timothy Sackton: five points of five yeah it.
Timothy Sackton: makes it said, you cannot pass that's all it ever said right.
Timothy Sackton: takes 20 points of cold still.
Mike Sackton: 20 points a cold yep.
Timothy Sackton: And nine points of.
Mike Sackton: yeah and 13 points of shatter rebuke damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um it is nearly destroyed.
Mike Sackton: me get the deck safe.
Mike Sackton: On the shadow of you a disadvantage because it's restraint.
Timothy Sackton: works is not sales.
Timothy Sackton: i'm a 10,000 hours.
Mike Sackton: yeah it would be my spell BC, which is a 15.
Timothy Sackton: So, as it as it rams you if there's is just begins to coat down as body as the shadows slam it back against the wall and then out of the Center of dealt with Armor this.
Timothy Sackton: While I guess it would be hard to see because you're already covered in other kendra shadow just lashes out and slams into that and it's like there's a big crack forming down its face now.
Timothy Sackton: One of its arms is like one of its horns is cracked and half, it is very nearly dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like the damage descriptions.
Timothy Sackton: And that will.
Timothy Sackton: turn.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: kendra was up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was cringing that kill this guy yet.
Timothy Sackton: you're close to killing it 13 Mrs.
Terrible.
Mike Sackton: He had a second attack.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that hits 12 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's looking very rough.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll use another key for another and arms.
target.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this extra was not they go.
Timothy Sackton: Again, like cracking pieces of it are falling apart.
Timothy Sackton: You know, this is the snake had one you've like knocked some teeth out, just as your blows continue to land on it seeker you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: burn.
Timothy Sackton: Both of them look very badly damaged.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: What can I hit that snake headed born with.
Timothy Sackton: god's got vicious mockery right.
it's a.
Timothy Sackton: curse or whatever we call that.
Eric Rosenbaum: route i'm Nick disparagement.
Timothy Sackton: ruin it just Benjamin.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I.
Eric Rosenbaum: compose an elaborate.
Eric Rosenbaum: critique of the sculptural technique involved in its construction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not to mention the poor selection of material.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's terrible blemishes due to aging.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I only had to hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: to destroy it.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't say.
Timothy Sackton: It felt sad yeah they don't have good under under secrets weathering.
Timothy Sackton: Of it statuesque nature just crumbles to dust.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: be attacked read it it's self esteem.
that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Certainly the weak spot.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: This one is now restrained and nearly dead secret could kill it at any moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, whoa.
Timothy Sackton: whoa to ones, because it has three points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or we can interrogate it.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: What language did it speak.
Timothy Sackton: I spoke in common.
Mike Sackton: I will ask it who do you serve.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah since.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot enter.
Eric Rosenbaum: My.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: soul said it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah okay um, it is a blank slate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so it's not set yet it's just like.
Eric Rosenbaum: An automaton yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There is yeah there is no sense of.
Timothy Sackton: Any kind of solar or sentence about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So without getting too close behind that i've thoroughly critiqued the other one, are there any clues in its design or construction as.
Timothy Sackton: You all stepping back.
Timothy Sackton: So it can't I said, are you are you letting it tried to attack you dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: Because i'll continuing to like try.
Mike Sackton: And ah.
Mike Sackton: lamb wow.
Mike Sackton: I think i'll just if the soul site is.
Mike Sackton: comes up blank slate.
Mike Sackton: i'll just stop it.
Mike Sackton: Wait no.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just wanted to have a look at it.
Mike Sackton: All right, i'll disengage then.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll have the hand kind of like turn.
Timothy Sackton: On standing there like struggling against the hand.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to trying to break free it does get it doesn't get an attempt to break free or, it has to do this action, so what so that was steps away, and it does struggle against the hand trying to break out, but if you want to do something first go ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: I i'll pop my goggles on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, look at it, make a he can.
Timothy Sackton: either in our content check with advantage or a straight history check you learn different things, depending on what chucky cheese.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: So right, I think we want to know more history than our content, because it is it's sort of like a mythic creature, but that doesn't matter so much as who made it and put it here, so I will take the straight history check.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um so you look at it, you sort of pure at at.
Timothy Sackton: These, so this is a.
Timothy Sackton: If these aren't these sort of.
Timothy Sackton: creatures these these like the various kinds of mashups of beasts aren't anything that you have necessarily like read of or heard of.
Timothy Sackton: But the combination of the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of lack of any information from the soul site, the fact that they seem to be like animated statues of some kind i'm reminds you have.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So so it's not the same so it's doesn't remind you of in the sense that you think these were made by door this like they definitely were not made by others, but it reminds you of m O you even encountered one right there was the in in the the dwarves in caves I need a Raven.
Mike Sackton: I have a goal one.
Timothy Sackton: stone guardian.
Eric Rosenbaum: hi yeah.
Timothy Sackton: This is the kind of thing it reminds you of it, some and now, of course, the Durban ones that you're most familiar with that you've read like you know these pop up and stories all the time, as the way stone defenders, and you know.
Timothy Sackton: These are typically animated by by rubric magic if you don't you don't know what animates these but they're usually used as like guardians defenders and they usually have.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's a password and if you don't they don't know language typically you can't speak with them so often have like one or a few phrases program in, and if you speak the password let me pass if you don't know the password.
Eric Rosenbaum: They do not have a password recovery system.
Timothy Sackton: Not that you're aware of.
Mike Sackton: can be worked for the forgot my password link.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Why can we just look it up in our in our.
know.
Mike Sackton: i've been released to the data breach.
Rev. David (he/him): To factor we don't have the phone.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret just kind of shrugs POPs the.
Eric Rosenbaum: faceted purple goggles back off his face.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any further questions or guesses about the command words.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You have no idea like at least the.
Timothy Sackton: What you've.
Timothy Sackton: read like the sort of history that you know, this would be something where like whoever created them you could be a phrase like you know.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: all hell, the great dwarf and King so and so right unless you say that phrase actually pretty good security is not limited to eight characters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice and I guess you're going to let us pass I say, as I raised my hand closing the fingers slowly.
Timothy Sackton: Your shall not.
Timothy Sackton: promise dost in seekers.
Timothy Sackton: earth and grasp.
Timothy Sackton: Silence descends.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that worked out okay.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Mike Sackton: How you doing well be, I saw you got hit away.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh i'm i'm in a horrible pain i'm i'm not doing well at all actually.
Mike Sackton: Could we could we do something about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can give you a healing word just a moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: For seven well.
Rev. David (he/him): what's the.
Rev. David (he/him): what's the word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Swedish fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, is that the word to for the columns.
Eric Rosenbaum: too late.
Timothy Sackton: Too late they're all crumbled.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll use one of my healing buds also.
Timothy Sackton: So that's another that gives you another plus to.
Timothy Sackton: Just click you should be able to just click the 24 plus two on.
Timothy Sackton: Chapter 14.
Rev. David (he/him): All right.
Rev. David (he/him): mean some kind of shape this reaffirms why i'm not a frontline.
Mike Sackton: i'd heard yeah perhaps in hindsight.
Mike Sackton: writing to the room wasn't the best.
Mike Sackton: wasn't the best idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we had a good time.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll use another charge of the healing but.
Mike Sackton: I mean, should we.
Mike Sackton: Use hit dice if we rested we could take a short rest here.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we made enough noise that we should see what's around.
Eric Rosenbaum: them any other clues in the room, before really.
Timothy Sackton: tiny little outs in the room there's.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's this small Chamber, and then the tunnel slopes upward and curve slightly and ends in a in a stone all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right let's hit up there.
Mike Sackton: yep yep.
Mike Sackton: Oh, is this.
Mike Sackton: One question is this different material like from the tunnel over here.
Mike Sackton: you're.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: No, this is.
Timothy Sackton: Well, this room, this Chamber is.
Timothy Sackton: hey there's like big paving stones that have been set down where's the tunnel is just dirt but it's just dirt walls they're short up in some places, but it's not.
Timothy Sackton: it's basically just a big room of the same material i'm in the tunnel continues on the other side over here, it goes up.
Timothy Sackton: It curves up about why does that 2530 feet and the end the wall that it ends at here is i'm.
Timothy Sackton: dirt, this is a This is like a stone wall.
Mike Sackton: Is there a door, you know.
Rev. David (he/him): Look, for secret doors.
Timothy Sackton: make a perception check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's all the doors.
Mike Sackton: and has it been a minute, how many rounds was that.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably.
Timothy Sackton: left.
Timothy Sackton: What might have like two more rounds left.
Mike Sackton: So what's beyond the wall.
Timothy Sackton: All right, because goes to the guys last room that.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond the wall is a.
Timothy Sackton: looks like.
Timothy Sackton: A basement.
Timothy Sackton: Or is like a sub basement of something i'm.
Timothy Sackton: And let me just double check what's in that room.
Timothy Sackton: there's like a there's like a small room that you can see, maybe 10 foot by 10 foot or 15 foot by 15.
Timothy Sackton: That has walls on three sides and then like an opening like an arch way to the left.
Timothy Sackton: That leads into another passage and in the room is like it's a.
Timothy Sackton: i'm playing dusty Hall, with no.
Timothy Sackton: i'm obvious like markings are um.
Timothy Sackton: It just seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: Like anti Chamber empty empty Chamber, something okay.
Mike Sackton: So there's no people.
Timothy Sackton: there's people in there right now.
Mike Sackton: So i'll report back, I mean i'll tell everybody saw as my ghostly gaze fades out.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can also use that bardic inspiration on skill checks will be.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah is it a da.
Timothy Sackton: da and you will it twice and take the higher.
1888884.
Rev. David (he/him): there's a.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: You look around.
Timothy Sackton: don't don't see anything for a minute until.
Timothy Sackton: This this like what are the, what is your inspiration look like.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm we decided it's a glowing white figure that orbits the head of the person.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so so there's this.
Timothy Sackton: This glowing white room that's kind of orbiting around your head and it sort of pulls you over and you notice um there's one stone that's just.
Timothy Sackton: slightly out from the wall like so it's per tutti recruiting maybe like a 16th of an inch, but when you put your hand over and it feels like very intentional and it actually feels like you know it could slide in and out pretty easily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Side quest from the side quest from the site quest.
Mike Sackton: Police now there's quarterly nothing on the other side of this, I think we should just go through.
Rev. David (he/him): For now let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay who's going first.
Mike Sackton: della della can go first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You.
Timothy Sackton: press this button.
Mike Sackton: i'll do this i'll to press the button, with major dealt with does not open doors.
Timothy Sackton: With his own hands.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh contract for traps.
Timothy Sackton: You can, if you'd like to make an investigation check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shouldn't be investigated for grabs.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing yes.
Rev. David (he/him): No know if there's a very subtle trapped here that I can't see.
Mike Sackton: Okay, well, no i'm not there i'm 30 feet away.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You push the slides open.
Timothy Sackton: You see, the room you saw with ghostly gaze I don't I can't make maps that have functioning doors so you just want to the wall.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I will then.
Mike Sackton: Oh, oh um.
Mike Sackton: I guess, I will stealth, although i'm not massively good at it.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: yeah no that was not good at that.
Timothy Sackton: But you're trying to go as quietly, as you can.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: should have inspired you.
Mike Sackton: And i'll go through the wall.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately, shadow while it's probably gone by now so.
Timothy Sackton: God almighty has gone by now yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you see.
Timothy Sackton: What you see.
Mike Sackton: Is it dark.
Timothy Sackton: It is dark yep.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: there's in this other room, you can see that there's you know another door here.
Mike Sackton: So I.
seems.
Timothy Sackton: what's far seems pretty quiet.
Mike Sackton: Is this stuff This is like.
Mike Sackton: dirt floor does it.
Timothy Sackton: was a stone, this is, I guess it's a dirt floor it's like a it's like a sub basement it's like a the bottom level of some two story fair, you know underground foundation or something um one thing you do notice that with is that the.
Timothy Sackton: This store here looks new.
Mike Sackton: We start.
Timothy Sackton: That one to the north.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas these double doors to the South are.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know poor shape like bold but have been recently repaired.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, so that so basically both of these doors are our new and in some sense either reason repaired or recently put it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, we were then the like dusty walls around them, and looking through here into this far run this is like a bear low ceiling dusty rums that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, is.
Timothy Sackton: You know empty, except that you see, and I wonder if they notice the two things you notice one is that this wall here.
Timothy Sackton: This opening is crap is like, not a smooth edges like somebody broke through a wall and didn't bother to clean it up Okay, and you also see two people humans that are kind of sitting in attentively in this room here.
Mike Sackton: Is there any light.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: There is no light.
Mike Sackton: So they're just sitting in the dark interesting.
Timothy Sackton: um let me see if.
Mike Sackton: So as soon as I glanced the humans all as soon as I see anything i'll sort of trying to step back so i'm out of any particular line of sight.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: And do I have any way of communicating back with you guys.
Do you.
Eric Rosenbaum: know because you remember to bring the message stone.
Mike Sackton: I think the other foot, I think you guys have it.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's humans in their teas.
Mike Sackton: You don't know that yet, so I will, I will just put my I will stand here basically against the against the wall.
Mike Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: what's your passive perception.
Mike Sackton: You know, again.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll reach out to Tony ethically just said what's what you see, can we come in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh nice good idea.
Mike Sackton: I was hoping, you could.
Timothy Sackton: use here as well be reaches out dealt with you also hear from down the hall, from where the people were i'm one of them say i'm in common.
Timothy Sackton: What was that did you hear something.
Timothy Sackton: When the other says all i'll go check it out.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remember, to talk to them.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so I probably have about 15 seconds I will very quickly tell well be i'll respond to i'll be i'll say telepathically.
Mike Sackton: Humans down here when coming to investigate.
Mike Sackton: Probably a few seconds till he finds me.
Rev. David (he/him): Here we come.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll relay that message on and say.
Rev. David (he/him): it's time to Russian everyone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or the enemies, or the hospital.
Mike Sackton: I have no idea.
Mike Sackton: But they can see in the dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo your human or they.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe you could talk to them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll try to talk to them.
Mike Sackton: Okay hold on ah.
Mike Sackton: What were they do, they have been actually got a glimpse at that, but like give me a little bit of description to go.
Timothy Sackton: And we're like where it so one man, one woman wearing sort of plane i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like sort of.
Timothy Sackton: A grayish robes.
Timothy Sackton: almost like.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: Like that estimate like like priests or monk robes type things um no.
Timothy Sackton: sickness a weapons.
Timothy Sackton: You did see that there were.
Timothy Sackton: Like there was a couple of spears leaning against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: But the one who went to investigate.
Timothy Sackton: did not seem to take a spear with him.
Timothy Sackton: Like maybe half a dozen spears leaning against the wall.
glimpse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was this is, this is a delicate squint singer and or we can see it.
Timothy Sackton: This was doubt well.
Timothy Sackton: you've got like a second left Where are you all positioned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will be in the front if that's okay well, they just get in front, just so I can like because if you know talk to them or.
Rev. David (he/him): Should we just go through let's just go through.
Mike Sackton: I mean if you go through though immediately see you.
Rev. David (he/him): won't this see you also you mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're seeing you i'm just giving you a minute to position you were they were you want to be when they enter the room.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there a light in this room.
Timothy Sackton: nope it's dark.
Mike Sackton: So all that TIM i'm just gonna have it i'm reading an action for like when.
Mike Sackton: The guy comes up as soon as I can see this guy come around the corner here I come around the corner.
Mike Sackton: Okay um I just haven't quite decided what it is.
Mike Sackton: But I think i'm going to try and scare him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't want to talk to them.
Mike Sackton: yeah it's not like trying to scare him in the.
Mike Sackton: sense I don't mean like.
Mike Sackton: scared and.
Mike Sackton: frightened him to death right i'm just gonna go for the intimidation, instead of the persuasion half of the topics.
Rev. David (he/him): Really, an action to shoot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their their monks right.
Mike Sackton: Are they did I mean at least look like that my monks I got the impression they did not work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There right month.
Timothy Sackton: they're wearing monkey robes but they don't actually look it's hard to place their ethnicity, they don't look done Marty exactly, although denari are pretty diverse so like.
But.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it seems unlikely that done very well anyway delis thinking is it's unlikely that done Mari monks are other people who are.
Mike Sackton: Well bred and have the goodness of the world at heart, would be hanging out in the pitch black in a basement with a secret door that leads to a werewolf flair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay.
So.
Mike Sackton: that's fair i'm like honestly hang out of the pitch black is a little suspicious humans don't have dark vision, why are they in the pitch blackness.
Mike Sackton: So my plan when he jumps around the corner right when he comes around the corner his sword out Armor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With its shadows in.
Mike Sackton: boiling off i'm going to play up the the.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to play up the sort of shadow half of Bella shadow warrior.
Mike Sackton: No point my sort of him as soon as he comes around the corner.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: growl at him.
Mike Sackton: let's see.
Mike Sackton: What they were talking in common.
Timothy Sackton: In common yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Mike Sackton: Ah, your guardians are week.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean Okay, so I should say he knows you're there why, at least he what he hurt yourself was much lower than his perception so he's investigating something you're not likely to get a surprise and.
Mike Sackton: i'm not aiming for a surprise RAD i'm just not like trying to.
Mike Sackton: I just I know somebody is coming around the corner right i'm trying to to jump out before he dots right.
Mike Sackton: Okay, like i'm if i'm standing right here, you know somebody's.
Mike Sackton: watching I could just jump there.
Mike Sackton: That, at some point right.
Mike Sackton: yeah before he gets close enough, not necessarily to get an action i'm more going for a intimidation.
Mike Sackton: To see if I can I mean.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if they're gonna.
Mike Sackton: they're gonna attack like.
Mike Sackton: What am I gonna do about that, but.
Mike Sackton: i'm not gonna present as i'm going to try to so i'm going to go with like.
Mike Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: yeah I don't have a good I don't have a good excuse for being here let's pretend that i'm one of genetics worshippers which i'm not ready, prepared to do.
Mike Sackton: i'll just go straight up your guardians or week.
Mike Sackton: I don't trust anybody with a we don't trust people who.
Mike Sackton: Who curse statues, to fight for them, you should probably surrender.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, whereas where does everybody else, want to be when this when this guy comes around the corner.
Timothy Sackton: Last chats and drift globe, yes or now.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I need a strip club.
Timothy Sackton: So you got to drift globe in your hand that you can.
Mike Sackton: Talk to.
Mike Sackton: Explain yourself, instead of surrender.
Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Explain yourself and at the same moment, like the drift look comes on.
Rev. David (he/him): In we're.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm aiming it where I think this guy is coming.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: there's not a lot to hide behind here, but if you want to try and hide you're welcome to.
True.
Timothy Sackton: I think probably in last year crowds right at the corner you're not going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you could sort of.
Timothy Sackton: In this corner, if you.
Mike Sackton: Get wealthy, can I he's got the hide hide.
Timothy Sackton: You wanted to hide right in that corner, I would say, you could because you're sort of blocked by the line of sight.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll just barely be through the door like poke my head to the door.
Timothy Sackton: again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so ah.
Timothy Sackton: Steps through here i'm sees i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): Good clip comes up at that point.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so Jeff gluck comes up you're not be stealth there's no way you can add.
Timothy Sackton: shouts at the same moment that dealt with is shouting he is shouting who the Fuck are you.
Rev. David (he/him): to print later.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry here's the disco.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, looks around.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sees.
Timothy Sackton: And now standing in front of him.
Timothy Sackton: And yells.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll say go ahead and make an intimidation jack.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't noticed well be.
Timothy Sackton: Given the distraction, and while be like being absolutely silent against the corner, but you're not really like you you're pretty much out in the open you're just relying on you know distraction to and a tiny bit of cover from dealt with, because.
Mike Sackton: It is dim white.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: No shadow miles gone.
Mike Sackton: No, no, but my Armor Armor can.
Mike Sackton: hold on my Armor can make them white within.
Mike Sackton: Oh no it's just on me.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: can stand past me right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah ah, he also yells and common.
Timothy Sackton: back this way.
Timothy Sackton: breda alert the others.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No alerting.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh that's my redaction at that point.
there's.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: And then he then he yells.
Timothy Sackton: um well I guess you all can get a reaction at this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Point that he's done a fair bit of yelling.
Mike Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: I mean my swords out i'll say i'm.
Mike Sackton: Shooting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, hold on.
Mike Sackton: that's all full soon for shooting.
Mike Sackton: i'll say.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think I asked first.
Mike Sackton: Why do you have cursed statues in your entryway.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: Are you firing your arrow as down with his talking to them.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yes, as soon as the show's for the first time.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the the flaming boat diplomacy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that that heads.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that really do 27 damage or 28 years.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: The arrow strikes into any he staggers back slightly um.
Timothy Sackton: And then ah.
Timothy Sackton: turns around and looks and you see, you can see what are the rest of you still behind you're still in the corner, are you jumping out.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wanted to be poking my head through the door okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I can see shit anymore, can I, the.
Mike Sackton: Madison to move yourself through.
Rev. David (he/him): That there you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh there it is.
Mike Sackton: 10 doesn't have doors on the bottom.
Timothy Sackton: I have never figured out how to make doors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many doors.
Timothy Sackton: doors are tricky.
Timothy Sackton: So this this person is now beginning to there's.
Timothy Sackton: You can see she's like pulling on a rope and there's.
Timothy Sackton: Pulling down a ladder.
Timothy Sackton: And then he also as the sparrow pierce's them, he also.
Timothy Sackton: yells.
Timothy Sackton: admire intruders.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: His face begins to.
Rev. David (he/him): elongate yeah yeah see this was the right move.
Mike Sackton: yeah apparently.
It.
Rev. David (he/him): Is a player will now go with you go shoot first.
Mike Sackton: Like I can't please everybody has tried to please seek at this time.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You better overall initiative.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait if we get bit by them does bad too bad things happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, just guess, then we just all have to get bit so that we can invert the whole campaign concept.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh Nice.
Mike Sackton: I wasn't good initiative goals 2020 while except for secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I noticed something interesting on the floor.
Mike Sackton: Yes, because, like.
Timothy Sackton: What are your.
Mike Sackton: I got a 20.
kids i've got a 20 1820.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be a team.
Eric Rosenbaum: And seeker will be joining you later.
Mike Sackton: And secret got an eight.
Timothy Sackton: An eight.
Timothy Sackton: Okay let's remove that remove that and let's add these two.
Timothy Sackton: And initiatives are going to be.
Timothy Sackton: Also, good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well kenza your first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to step over here and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I sold them first or just actually just still fight him.
Timothy Sackton: Saul site is bonus actions.
Timothy Sackton: certainly do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um this one's pretty good though right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it took.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20 damage.
Timothy Sackton: I took 28 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does he look badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's an arrow sticking out of his arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Timothy Sackton: he's like sort of a half.
Timothy Sackton: Here I did do something kind of cool here.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait.
Timothy Sackton: hours.
Timothy Sackton: turning into a wolf human hybrid.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We go.
Timothy Sackton: That first attack hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second, one.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: An actor, as you smashing with your staff, he just looks at you, and last, as it does no damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: or silver probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At our hands.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: You had a high enough level for your hands to be magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that they are right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, his hands are magic.
Rev. David (he/him): man.
Rev. David (he/him): there's excuse to.
Timothy Sackton: not wearing any Armor and it's pretty easy to hit some or 12 in fact does have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will use another key and struck them again.
Mike Sackton: yeah possible this guy because if if you could take him down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm trying my best.
Timothy Sackton: that's another 10 damage.
Timothy Sackton: he's looking he's like pretty shaken.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: TIM where's the water is it by this other person.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's just one is just this one square south of her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that's, all I can do right that's for tax.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's all you can do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Mike Sackton: yeah dad.
Timothy Sackton: you're up he's not down but he's looking pretty rough.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: I don't like having no spells I need to short rest after every combat.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I am just gonna attack this guy.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's still just the one we can see right.
Mike Sackton: I can see it there's another one back there, I can see that you guys can't because the drift go visit.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have turned if they've called their friends.
Mike Sackton: And he died she's pulling down a ladder.
Mike Sackton: We got to stop her before she gets out of here, I think, can.
Timothy Sackton: So you're attacking.
Timothy Sackton: can see your roles.
Rev. David (he/him): It came up.
Mike Sackton: in Canada 11.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there we go.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: No those mess sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I did does out of air okay um this creature is now going to look at you kenza.
Timothy Sackton: course you are the one who.
Timothy Sackton: hit em punched him in the worst and it's going to as his hands are grown into claws i'm.
Timothy Sackton: going to swing it you.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back.
Timothy Sackton: So that's going to do 10 points of slashing damage.
Timothy Sackton: Then, as he flashes you he's going to London, with a bite.
Mike Sackton: Of the one that's problem.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a 21.
Timothy Sackton: points of damage and make a constitution, save but but roll it secretly please just message it to me type slash GM role Wendy 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but I get some I got some special foods me see hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stillness of mind, you can use an action to end one effect on yourself that is causing you to be charmed or frightened.
Timothy Sackton: You are not charmed or frightened at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: By any.
Rev. David (he/him): means it's been such a pleasure to adventure with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does it back slash.
Timothy Sackton: slash slash GM role when did.
Timothy Sackton: You see, the bite rip into Kansas shoulder.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll be your up.
Eric Rosenbaum: The session was such an inflection point.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm going to take a name and feel the student.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no.
Mike Sackton: 14 house staff crappy see.
Rev. David (he/him): 19.
Timothy Sackton: and your second arrow curses its body and it.
Timothy Sackton: staggers back falling to a knee and then dropping to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this this woman Spencer action pulling a ladder down.
Timothy Sackton: And climbs the first five feet up so you can see her feet, she has like another around basically and she will be outside.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool I know what i'm gonna do.
Mike Sackton: Can you.
Mike Sackton: Do something with the wider like.
Mike Sackton: Make it animate or something and.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is an interesting idea I was thinking to use mechanical skill to shoot the ember web item that we got from a goddess layer which basically cast web so that's her trapper in their.
chair.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do, like the idea of animating the ladder, though.
Mike Sackton: Can you animate the ladder, and I would have it fly her tip to us it's just a rope ladder right them.
Eric Rosenbaum: By itself around her, I think.
Timothy Sackton: it's yeah it's like it's just a rope ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't have secured at the top, so if I am in the rope ladder would definitely be able to detach itself from the wall, I could ask it to try basically.
Timothy Sackton: And can't guarantee that it will be able to buy.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It could certainly try.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, I think i'm gonna try that one I like that idea better.
Timothy Sackton: But is it.
Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's my turn.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I will step over the course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Existing werewolf.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's that thing called.
Eric Rosenbaum: animating performance, so I will bring the rope ladder to life i'm instructed.
Eric Rosenbaum: to detach itself from so that it falls to the floor and also tie her tie up this one person by wrapping itself around her.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm going to say that you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can only give up, you can do this in sequence and can't do both on the same term.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I think, as long as the first one happens she can't climate so.
Eric Rosenbaum: detaching itself will be enough to make her fall.
Mike Sackton: You could also tell it to wake go wild and switch off around right and like not what anybody quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trying to shake her off.
Mike Sackton: swing like wild and like pretend you're a bucking.
Eric Rosenbaum: bronco yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: ladder you're a snake now you're a wild threshing sneak.
Timothy Sackton: i'm you and also now has a that you now have a flying rope ladder your enemy performance as a fly speed.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so it can fly up to the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah so i'm.
Mike Sackton: not sure against the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think just toss her to the ground.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make make an attack ball.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: here's what i've got for the latter ah.
Mike Sackton: None of us can creates all kinds of a pair up.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah see it.
Yet.
Timothy Sackton: And so, so making the tackle, I will say.
Timothy Sackton: This this won't do any damage, but if you and she will have a slight bonus to our AC, but if you had it'll knock her off and then the ladder can fly up to the ceiling, so it can't, even if it can't detach itself this turn she won't be able to climb.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay So what do I roll.
Timothy Sackton: So you just your spell attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know how to do that's bills spell attack there we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's it natural one.
Timothy Sackton: At the natural one.
Timothy Sackton: Oh hold on as the ladder.
Timothy Sackton: swarms and tries to shake her off track, but fails.
Timothy Sackton: That end sequence turn hands out Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or, I was gonna happen it's gonna send inspiration to.
Eric Rosenbaum: kinzer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, do you have to use your bonus action to control the I think you have to use your bonus action to order around here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can't do inspiration okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no wait a minute, you can you can.
Mike Sackton: You can command.
Timothy Sackton: You can use your bar to get inspiration and command is part of the same bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, you can use marker inspiration.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that goes kenza.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you're helping the werewolf interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is like literally the game of werewolf now.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's only warily yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends your turn down with your out or kenzo whoever wants to go first.
Mike Sackton: kenza you can go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You went first last time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember your mother you got you guys show you want to get the werewolf to go first.
Mike Sackton: level.
Yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm gonna step through the doorway now that I can see shit where it where's the where's the person that we're fighting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: over here.
Timothy Sackton: right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, yeah I will I will oh shit just globe.
Timothy Sackton: where's my drift drift global i'll say you can toss the club there I just walked right past the just one you can pick it up and carry it with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, good yeah I will I will head over and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will, I will i'm lucky, I will send this one, I will set this one first.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you want to do the damn maker have to make a save or take damage as part of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do.
Mike Sackton: You have enough to move to be one in either direction.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bring it up.
Mike Sackton: Just so you're not directly in my way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's fine yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so I basically like I wanna i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So upon soul, citing like what's their vibe like are they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they like.
Timothy Sackton: vibe is is is i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry sort of angry and.
Timothy Sackton: Slightly and scared because she saw you kill her friend and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like pretty desperate to get away and.
Timothy Sackton: How.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I say I say before attacking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There needing to be more bloodshed, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're needing to be more bloodshed, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who do you serve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your purpose.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: For a minute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like about the like a top attacker with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My magic.
Timothy Sackton: interaction like.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of begins cackling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: And says.
Timothy Sackton: You, too, will experience the joy of pure madness.
Mike Sackton: Can you pull her down in some fashion.
Rev. David (he/him): So.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so i'm going to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what I, so I tomorrow Allah so oh so now that i'm doing I just can't do I can do three 300 tax.
Timothy Sackton: Tax without spending key yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but i'm going to spend that i'm going to spend a key though on the on the sound like attack or in the sun, the sun attack yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta hit first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: I that's when 12 constitution, safe and with your DC.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My DC.
Timothy Sackton: i'll check for you it's 14 so your first head I she's looking at you, you just and you can see your face like go.
Timothy Sackton: Slightly like you hit her and then there's like this extra part of the guests that like you know your psychic fist that reaches and just strikes her and she's like staggers box.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, as she stuns do I get any advantage from her being packing her while she's done.
Timothy Sackton: In fact you do get advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What advantages that.
Timothy Sackton: advantage regular advantage real twice take the higher.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: see what else I could do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, first one.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, like an apple let's see if I get even fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: She look inward law, she can't move.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn I think he used to actually move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It does.
Timothy Sackton: start out with your.
Mike Sackton: 3456 as far as I can get.
Mike Sackton: Fortunately.
Mike Sackton: But I will i'll just blast.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that's.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Timothy Sackton: or guys i've to blast for strike into her.
Timothy Sackton: i'm so down with kenza went well be Europe.
Rev. David (he/him): start by moving down so it's.
Rev. David (he/him): huh.
Rev. David (he/him): 345.
Rev. David (he/him): And then i'll use my cutting action.
Rev. David (he/him): To keep moving so 1234 so come in here.
Rev. David (he/him): And then remind me what i'll say real quick to the two of them, what are we doing, are we killing her or we were starting to hear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's going on her Kelly.
Rev. David (he/him): steiger he's done does that give me a message.
Is.
Timothy Sackton: It is it just against melee attacks.
Mike Sackton: And I don't know.
Mike Sackton: English.
Timothy Sackton: is mainly attacks.
Timothy Sackton: 11 hits, though.
Mike Sackton: Oh well, I can hit.
Timothy Sackton: me when they're not in in will form.
Timothy Sackton: Now all attackers have an.
Mike Sackton: Attack roles have advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh role, just in case.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm so that's 21 because she's within five feet.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so the arrow strikes her again she looks quite badly wounded and stunned.
Timothy Sackton: And then, this door bursts open.
Timothy Sackton: And that giant half human half wolf creatures like steps through i'm having a spear and a shield and again you're jumping off of his his face look.
Timothy Sackton: At the two of you seeker and down where.
Timothy Sackton: He will take once he once did moment of indecision, but that was looks more threatening.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah.
depth to TAO a little.
Timothy Sackton: Make one.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: stabbing once with the sphere.
1819.
Timothy Sackton: So Mrs second spear attack 14.
Timothy Sackton: And then well legit you walk you with the shield.
Timothy Sackton: 22.
Mike Sackton: I don't hit.
Timothy Sackton: So that was six points of bludgeoning damage.
Mike Sackton: Okay, he takes 20 points of damage.
What.
Mike Sackton: I saw every hit points left to be taken 20 more.
Mike Sackton: awesome but just nobody ever hits.
Timothy Sackton: And okay.
Mike Sackton: Oh, and i'm not done, I have not used my reaction.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So, forgive me to make a strength saving.
Mike Sackton: He will take nine.
Mike Sackton: points of psychic damage deck say for half.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, not a terrible X 14.
Mike Sackton: And i'm going to found my strength saving true.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so there's 14 succeed on the deck safe.
Mike Sackton: Not busy.
Timothy Sackton: So, as this cold in this and the tendrils of shadow lash around him, you kind of just shrugs it off and grind you down into the ground knocking you prone and then with his jaws goes for your neck.
Mike Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: What is.
Mike Sackton: going to be him did I freeze.
Mike Sackton: With as what you just said, I froze what you said, with his jobs.
Timothy Sackton: Oh goes for your neck with advantage because you're pro.
Timothy Sackton: Man a 23 to.
Mike Sackton: 23 hits.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make a.
Mike Sackton: How much damage does he do.
Timothy Sackton: He does seven points of damage right.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that you.
Timothy Sackton: weren't getting get that anymore okay.
Mike Sackton: But he takes 20 more points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: And you need to make a constitution saving throw it secretly please.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking hell, good luck.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers you need to consider the options, including runaway.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: that's not that's I mean that's without my pasta.
Timothy Sackton: just say I know.
Mike Sackton: And I and is this disease.
Timothy Sackton: nope.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Rev. David (he/him): man to do.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: uh.
Timothy Sackton: No it's not as easy as a test um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends your turn turn on the ground with a snarling shield.
Mike Sackton: And does 50 points of damage seem to have heard them.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah he's feeling, it is not badly wounded um.
Timothy Sackton: This guy, this is the much bigger and stronger than the other ones you're fighting.
Timothy Sackton: That will end its turn.
Timothy Sackton: i'm stunned.
Timothy Sackton: Woman doesn't get a turn seeker you're out.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm I i'm starting to back away actually I will literally back away a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: This way.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: draw a picture glowing in the air of a tiny earthworm and cast holly morph on the big bad guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: What that's a wisdom okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's right.
Timothy Sackton: Just is bill has.
Eric Rosenbaum: no effect on the shape changer or a creature is zero point is this.
Timothy Sackton: A spell yes, this isn't wearables are shaped.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I can i'm I would know.
Mike Sackton: When I catch that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you would know that secret definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well then, I guess, instead, this is kind of an oh shit moment at which to cast a fourth level a erupting Earth.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: that's just going to get the one, though, because you can't target both of them without.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the ladies, ladies almost done.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): um do you fish Rasmussen.
Eric Rosenbaum: So a fountain of churned earth in stone and REPS in a it's a deck saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I will cast that one stead.
Eric Rosenbaum: At force level.
Timothy Sackton: got seven through.
Timothy Sackton: 19 so that's half damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: ooh.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, still Nice and solid.
Timothy Sackton: makes the whole so that's 50 what is that 1415 1617 damage and this whole area is now.
Eric Rosenbaum: difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: So that definitely house.
Eric Rosenbaum: So basically like this area.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks that's better there you go.
Timothy Sackton: that's only three squares it's four squares right.
Eric Rosenbaum: 20 foot cube yeah.
Timothy Sackton: No it's like this size.
Timothy Sackton: Nice, but actually it probably blows these doors open to.
Timothy Sackton: would say it's probably gonna blow all the doors.
Timothy Sackton: Up yep um.
Timothy Sackton: You see, through this door that he came through and shut behind him there are it looks like there's iron bars like South and there are.
Timothy Sackton: two Presidents slumped on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: This other room the room to the south seems like some sort of workshop or something nobody in it that you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that and secrets to work down with your up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I like.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter actually has a turn after my.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's right frankly.
Eric Rosenbaum: um so we're she's restrained by it.
Timothy Sackton: When it's done right now.
Mike Sackton: she's done she's not restrained.
Timothy Sackton: Think, I will say well she's done those you can't hold on to a ladder so she has probably slipped to the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so it will attempt to detach itself in order to wrap itself around her, but first it's going to try to attaching itself because it's still hanging right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's still hanging right now Okay, I will say, make a.
Timothy Sackton: Make.
Timothy Sackton: Just make a intelligence chart or sorry make a.
Timothy Sackton: style attack world intelligence plus performance and.
Timothy Sackton: use that as well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it pulls itself through.
Timothy Sackton: Nice clothes itself free now you've got this like 15 foot long flying rope ladder circling around.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm kind of digging that actually is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very, very loudly.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah credit to make the idea there anything.
Timothy Sackton: i'm so down or cancel your up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so tonight is there a place, I can stand to actually fight this dude.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can yeah you can stand on the erupting earth it's not it's just difficult terrain, you can step through doubt just cost.
Rev. David (he/him): Can you killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: killed one for throwing out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of the first actually i'll kill them and first call, let me unarmed strikes her.
Timothy Sackton: Once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I get advantage right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I get advantage written.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you got 17.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well suited.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the 23 does six damage.
Timothy Sackton: When you will advantage you don't get you don't get to pick the higher damage you get the damage of the higher role, even if it's lower right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, but but.
Timothy Sackton: In this case is higher and yes.
um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's actually enough to kill her.
Timothy Sackton: So she.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will then I will step through here and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me see if I can do some more damage i'll use.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The physical clutter our.
Timothy Sackton: General won't do more damage than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: than a regular attack you know.
Timothy Sackton: Then, then.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, than a regular taxi to the sex is about the average of what you should do, one on strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm checking on.
Timothy Sackton: As more if you need a range option new system flower yeah can you move around.
Timothy Sackton: 14.
Timothy Sackton: Does not hit this guy with the shield.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, but I have inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So do I that's that's one day or do I do I get advantage right now.
Timothy Sackton: When da.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: da use it.
Mike Sackton: Before yeah it's probably a 16 AC would be my guest, so you got a role to.
This.
Timothy Sackton: Little floating ruins just.
Timothy Sackton: pulled your fist and, as you strike at a rune explodes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah so seek our role, what is it you're.
Timothy Sackton: How much damage is it do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gotta look it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: So many things to scroll through in this part of the character sheet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: How it's equal to the number of roles on the on the inspiration so for damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: BONUS okay.
Timothy Sackton: It does get a con save against.
Timothy Sackton: it succeeds on the Constitution, saying so, as the room explodes around, and it does not take extra damage to the room, but you still hit it and it takes damage from your fest which was seven.
Timothy Sackton: And then you can still bonus action you can either key for your blows or just one attack.
Timothy Sackton: And remember also just reminding you, since you don't usually use this if you do, for your blows and you hit somebody with one of those strikes they don't get reactions.
Timothy Sackton: And they need to make a wisdom stainforth or fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do that.
Timothy Sackton: that's your aura so it would either have the furies and flows and get that automatic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: good job.
Timothy Sackton: You, as you hit him the first time you you strike sort of directly at his at his or any staggers back.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at you.
Timothy Sackton: Terror coming into his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: I was this.
Timothy Sackton: monk in front of them is just pounding him, you get one more attack.
All right, here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, is as like as he staggers back you can't quite get him on the on the backswing but he's looking around now entire and has disadvantage on um.
Timothy Sackton: And yes, this it so it's disadvantage on attacks, as long as you are within his line of sight.
Timothy Sackton: until the start of your next turn.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn so down with.
Mike Sackton: Your okay i'm gonna stand up.
Mike Sackton: Then I will bonus action curse him.
Mike Sackton: My exploits curse.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and then I will tax away, he has disadvantage on attacks until.
Mike Sackton: Kansas next term.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't get it man.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, I know, but if there's no point in me also using my job I ring to give him disadvantage as well.
Mike Sackton: So that I will attack.
Timothy Sackton: 1515 Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: hits.
Mike Sackton: and add three to that so it's.
Mike Sackton: A weapon damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay he's looking pretty rough.
Mike Sackton: Well, be.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I shoot him from my current position.
Timothy Sackton: You can shoot him but you'll have disadvantage because you're within five feet.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, indeed.
Rev. David (he/him): In that case.
Rev. David (he/him): In the case of.
Mike Sackton: Just yeah cutting action disengage and then move.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah exactly and then shoot, so no advantage but still sneak tech bucket.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: He will have a slight.
Timothy Sackton: bit of cover from.
Mike Sackton: 15 second hit anyway.
Rev. David (he/him): it's a miss any was.
Timothy Sackton: He misses yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he now frightened of kenzo is going to run for the ladder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and get the opportunity attacked.
Timothy Sackton: With their kenzo you get an opportunity to attack, as he moves out of your range.
Timothy Sackton: That heads.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you get an opportunity to attack to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Completely scared a werewolf this.
Timothy Sackton: That has.
Timothy Sackton: what's the total damage.
Rev. David (he/him): your team between the.
Mike Sackton: Mind Stat.
Timothy Sackton: That is just enough, as he runs out of Dallas reach kensal like wax and many trips slightly down with flashes him with his sword, and he stumbles and falls and begins to shrink back into human form as he collapses on the ground.
Mike Sackton: Is he dead.
Timothy Sackton: His dad and he didn't even realize it is frightened state that the latter is no longer there are.
Timothy Sackton: Running right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right usually they're.
Timothy Sackton: The latter animating performance last for an hour so you've got control this matter for a while.
Mike Sackton: Nice ladder.
Rev. David (he/him): bring them with us man.
Mike Sackton: They totally like all kinds of things you can do with the flight gladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: turns out actually it's a good thing yeah.
So.
Timothy Sackton: You look around, now as quiet falls, the three dead bodies are turning back into humans.
Rev. David (he/him): Research the buddies.
Mike Sackton: um can we check the well go ahead, but i'm going to look into two rooms, first, to make sure there's nothing else down here.
Mike Sackton: Now check kenzo are you okay that bite more serious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And those kind of looking at this shoulder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You want to suck the world blood out of it, how about you, you got it pretty bad.
Mike Sackton: Dallas looks fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I look fine to that.
Mike Sackton: I mean that wasn't for hip points.
Mike Sackton: When when the werewolf died, the light backwash of the werewolf dying you don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know what tricks, you have up your sleeve or up your Armor but that's pretty that's pretty epic dude.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm TIM do I know what the signs of imminent like can't there be infection.
Timothy Sackton: Look, yes, so um so well be a searching the bodies that with the searching the rums.
Mike Sackton: Secret oh i'm hearing through the doors quickly i'm not gonna like go, Sir, I just want to make sure they're empty.
Timothy Sackton: seeker, you are trying to remember everything you know about how to tell if your companions got turned into werewolves.
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: How to fix it yeah.
Timothy Sackton: kenza what are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is still super I still can't really see this the room.
Mike Sackton: I can just move just move your character around.
Mike Sackton: And then you should be awake the walls block.
Timothy Sackton: You have to step through the wall in order to see what's in the room, because the walls block the light and I don't know how to create doors that open.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yet i'm in there um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Sean i'll look i'll also do a look around your perception check and see if I can find anything.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm kenzo and.
Timothy Sackton: Down with make perception checks seeker make.
Timothy Sackton: History check, I would say, and well be perception or investigation your choice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so taking these in turn.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The two.
Timothy Sackton: guards who you initially startled well we don't carry anything on them the larger guard captain, whose name was presumably edmier, who was the second one, that the first guy you killed called for.
Timothy Sackton: carries a spirit shield, which are both have pretty good quality and an iron pendant.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to once I go into the room so i'm going to magic I do my magic magic the tech magic guys.
Timothy Sackton: that'll take you 10 minutes to.
Mike Sackton: Sign out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you guys mind if we take a quick break actually right now.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I have a good time.
Rev. David (he/him): For me to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like five minutes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay five minutes and i'll tell you what you found all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right thanks guys.
cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yo.
Eric Rosenbaum: hey yo.
Mike Sackton: hey.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm starting with what well be finds on the bodies.
Timothy Sackton: So the two.
Timothy Sackton: The two individuals that were just just dressed in the plane roads are not carrying anything on their person.
Timothy Sackton: The be fear stronger guy with the spirit shield had the spirit shield, which are both have fairly good quality i'm a pouch that has a number of copper coins in it, plus a potion bottle of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: iron key ring with four keys on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of course.
Timothy Sackton: And is wearing around his neck a.
Timothy Sackton: an iron pendants were in the Center of the pendant there's a.
Timothy Sackton: forum full moon made like a.
Timothy Sackton: design of a full moon made with out of a moonstone gem, and then there are like jagat pieces of almost like lightning bolt wires that connect it to a larger circle so it's like a big circle, with little wires that connect into a smaller moon.
Timothy Sackton: All of the wires like very jagat Ian and.
Timothy Sackton: shaped kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It revert back to human.
Timothy Sackton: They are reverted back to human form one yes.
Rev. David (he/him): So grab the keys independent.
Mike Sackton: Is any motivational.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: Are we not there.
Timothy Sackton: we're not there yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're locked into this look like Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: And they look they're sort of hard to place.
burden.
Timothy Sackton: you're not really sure where they're from actually like you can't tell just by looking at them or their phone.
Timothy Sackton: Their Mario more like I mean they're you know Denver sorry.
Timothy Sackton: there's a range, you know.
Timothy Sackton: there's some diversity, mostly when you're judging somebody done is done Mari is often by like their style of clothing and gear and things like that more than.
Timothy Sackton: Just looks to begin with, although, like they you know tend towards darker skins and kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Like desert like tan like they're often out in the sun right so i'm saying, which means even right like.
Timothy Sackton: Tony ins are pretty diverse bunch but you're looking more at sort of style and close these hard to place them, these people are wearing very sort of playing out fence, but what do you see when you look in these two rooms, so when you glance into this.
Timothy Sackton: This room.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, to the north, hear me.
Mike Sackton: If I just drag my character into it, I can see it right.
here.
Timothy Sackton: Because there are issues there's no like easy way to replace things.
Timothy Sackton: There we go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so there is there is this when you look into that.
Timothy Sackton: When you look into this room there's like iron bars and two cells back here, both of which have bodies slumped in them, whether getter unconscious or sleeping you can't tell and then this room here looks like looks like a workshop it's but it's a chaotic mess it's like um.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's full of.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's a big table with like a bunch of stuff in progress there's like a big iron pole with appointed and and a design, similar to that on.
Timothy Sackton: That pendant you found on the top there's a chest or looks like a big snake made of metal i'm just like a bunch of stuff kind of scattered over and, since you just glancing in that's about that.
Timothy Sackton: And then let's see seeker without you know so of course you remember the recipe to cure.
Timothy Sackton: Like candy is to you know you need either remove curse or some kind of divine blessing.
Timothy Sackton: And either both of those together or one of those with some.
Timothy Sackton: symbol or token or some item of their.
Timothy Sackton: particular significance from a person's life before like cancer.
Timothy Sackton: In terms of like how to recognize the signs.
Timothy Sackton: Usually it starts with bad dreams.
Timothy Sackton: hmm many people are cursed with lung cancer be don't even know it until the next full moon after they've been dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: And usually like the few days leading up to the the full moon.
Timothy Sackton: You know starts with dreams right as the main portal that that lays.
Timothy Sackton: there's no way to tell from just looking at whether somebody has been in fact.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we're early in the Lunar calendar now, I suppose, absolutely the full moon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was tonight right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: late.
Mike Sackton: Last night.
Timothy Sackton: So, last night I mean the full moon.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: it's like full moon rising was last night the full full moon is tonight and the full.
moon.
Timothy Sackton: full moon waiting is tomorrow and then your past.
Eric Rosenbaum: Later there's three nights of man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well barrel did say that there was like a merging other ship throughout the city so.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So, probably, given the timing and the Lunar cycle, the first sign of my cancer being somebody who's bit today will be.
Timothy Sackton: turning into a werewolf to that.
Timothy Sackton: They might not even realize it until they ship.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, while we, what are you taking from the.
Rev. David (he/him): symbol and.
Rev. David (he/him): I.
Rev. David (he/him): Think that's it oh in the ocean.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We forgot what the question is.
Timothy Sackton: So the person is magical um.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who is proficient in our economy or medicine can make a check.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will make an iconic check.
Rev. David (he/him): We can medicine john.
Mike Sackton: Connor Connor check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you all recognize it immediately it's a healing potion.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): Excellent great.
Timothy Sackton: um so who wants to take the healing person.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be.
Mike Sackton: well.
Rev. David (he/him): He said pyramid i'd love to take it, since I use.
Mike Sackton: Some has gonna say you seem to be in the most.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many points you have right now.
Rev. David (he/him): Actually 3852 right now so i'm i'm in decent shape at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I only have 45 that was.
Timothy Sackton: He has a higher constitution.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many points you guys have.
Rev. David (he/him): 5252 52 crew.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need a fighter in our fucking like the dude that's going to be in front with a crazy Armor and like dude like what What was your character in the Mylar by our competitor to see against shorts.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah cool.
Rev. David (he/him): Full plate with the two handed sword it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was fucking awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that was so joyful having that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah character was nasty you're doing so much damage, like all the time, with all your moon so it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty pretty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: anyways okay so so anything you anything you want to take just make sure you add it to your character sheet or the party treasure i'm not keeping track of the items for you.
Mike Sackton: Alright, so we were taking the post, you took the potion there was a holy symbol of some kind.
Mike Sackton: With that magical.
No.
Mike Sackton: I assume, nothing else was magical.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing magical.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, I assume, with your magic site, you can look in the workshop to to see if there's anything.
Mike Sackton: Yes, so that was the next thing I was gonna suggest is well there's two people to.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Mike Sackton: Are they dead.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: One of them is dead, the other seems to be just badly wounded and knocked unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: they're both they both are.
Timothy Sackton: Like so the one that's dad is looks like it's been dead.
Timothy Sackton: Probably not very long.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 12 hours 18 hours something like that probably killed sometime in the middle of I guess would be like 12 hours because it's like right after noon so sometime in the middle of the night night freshly dad.
Timothy Sackton: The one that's alive is bad is like bruised and beaten sort of curled into a ball, whether like sleeping or unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: And they're both the cells are locked and the living one is locked with a chain around this leg.
Oh.
Rev. David (he/him): unlucky with keys.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, while the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way before we have mcquaid can we talk a little first i'll say them first.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
So.
Timothy Sackton: I lied about keeping track of that you take, because I need to know where you got absolutely everything, because I have no idea what you might show to that that mirror.
Mike Sackton: mirror.
Mike Sackton: be kind of show this holy simple to the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it's the empty moon or whatever yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so okay so look what y'all with is looking in the workshop to see what's magical.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm gonna just search the workshop, both for magical needed.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll just go check out the weird snake thing.
Mike Sackton: Okay, what is the remind me that weird snake thing.
Rev. David (he/him): Inside iron.
Timothy Sackton: Like a Cobra mate of mine.
Mike Sackton: In the workshop somewhere.
Mike Sackton: workshop, is it magic.
Timothy Sackton: That is.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it is magic.
Mike Sackton: I will warn secret that it's magical before you.
Thanks.
Mike Sackton: mucking with it too much.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: y'all with or sorry, while being kenza what are you.
Rev. David (he/him): Looking so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so some just what's going on, so I saw site, the guy.
Timothy Sackton: Right your cell phone Okay, so let me do the workshop First they don't come back to the cells, so in the workshop i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Down with can you make a.
Timothy Sackton: you're just searching for stuff i'll say investigate our preceptor perception check.
Timothy Sackton: And secret, as you approach the snake, and I will say this is an iconic jack.
Timothy Sackton: um so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well, I mean you find.
Timothy Sackton: there's a fair it's like this opponent areas like a mass um but you do find the.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like there's a lot of stuff that's in progress there's like a lot of material it's kind of reduced.
Timothy Sackton: A main thing that seems to be under construction is this iron pole with a pointed end and this same design that's on the pen in the top it's like 10 feet tall or something it's a big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Room one was here when you need him.
Timothy Sackton: And there is writing that down writing that spirals all.
Mike Sackton: up and down the sun, does it say.
Timothy Sackton: It says no right, you can read all writing it says mad one come to us lead gen X how the herd just over and over and over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who was the last one.
clinic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who's in it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And to make God.
Mike Sackton: Generic is like.
Mike Sackton: there's this whole thing that barrel was talking about about the weight.
Mike Sackton: yeah like the like on mind that doesn't want existence to exist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what's genetics relationship to like the Denmark God, so I know about genetic.
Timothy Sackton: That have you really know about genetic heart and the head of the archivist is worth researching.
Mike Sackton: yeah Nick was mentioned, but the Alvin mentioned generic in the.
Mike Sackton: pandemonium stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the columns.
Mike Sackton: The columns gigantic is like.
Mike Sackton: Somehow related to the void.
Mike Sackton: it's like it it anti God in some fashion.
Mike Sackton: or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some sort of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: plane of madness.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You also find that with a diagram that shows 13 of these.
Timothy Sackton: These iron Poles arranged in a circle.
Timothy Sackton: With one of the 13 the the moon design in the top is different it's cracked and half and there's a red line that runs through the moon, like a jacket.
Timothy Sackton: There always seems to be one in the workshop right now.
Timothy Sackton: And right at the moment, like it's not entirely the the symbol at the top, is not solid leaf attached to the iron pendant Yet it seems like somebody still working on it.
Timothy Sackton: there's also a chest.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, like what do you get that ring it's interesting.
Mike Sackton: um is the chest.
Timothy Sackton: locked, it is not locked.
Mike Sackton: i'll stand 30 feet away and open it with mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: Other day there's gonna be a trap and it's.
Mike Sackton: going to miss.
Mike Sackton: As I open everything with major.
Timothy Sackton: seeker, as you begin to approach this mechanical iron snake it twitches slightly.
Timothy Sackton: And you look at it from a distance, and you have the sense that it is.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow alive if dorman.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Timothy Sackton: Making Islam looks like a skeaping you.
Timothy Sackton: your senses, that is like a sleeping snake.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use those goggles once a day to do identify right.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll try it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: This is a.
Timothy Sackton: This is a magically animated construct.
Timothy Sackton: it's not.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's it's not like the obsidian fly where it can be like some and.
Timothy Sackton: it's just exists and it.
Timothy Sackton: It seems at the moment to be your mentor sleeping or something it's not like.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not something that you can it's not it's really not actually an item right it's basically a construct so it's not something like if you catch it if you wake it up, it will do whatever it's going to do, can.
Mike Sackton: Is it, similar to the things we destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Similar it's made of it's made of metal instead of stone, but it has the same sort of feel about it, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Isolating.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'd love to learn to make these kinds of things so.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems dangerous his teeth.
Timothy Sackton: It has teeth yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is like.
Timothy Sackton: To talk, because its mouth is closed, as it sort of size softly and it's mechanical or.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever whatever power source it uses.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: In the chest well seeker is contemplating this snake, you find out with.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: set of calligrapher's tools.
Timothy Sackton: A deck of tarot cards made from thin sheets of ivory nicely painted but not magical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your item.
Timothy Sackton: A short, sharp bagger with a wooden horse motif health.
Timothy Sackton: A set of six every dice and US large sack of comical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or the dice magical.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing is magical chest.
Mike Sackton: All right, I think we should take the tarot cards and the dice for now.
Mike Sackton: How much is the coinage worth.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's like i'm 500 600 copper coins.
Rev. David (he/him): Take the dagger maybe.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
Mike Sackton: Interested a dagger on the tarot cards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From the dice.
Timothy Sackton: I heard in tarot cards good night okay.
Timothy Sackton: Just remember somebody's got to write it down.
Mike Sackton: If somebody's doing that.
Rev. David (he/him): treasure.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as we shift gears to.
Timothy Sackton: The prison.
Timothy Sackton: You unlock your on so so site i'm your soul, citing the.
Timothy Sackton: unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: body.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, this person is.
Timothy Sackton: terrified.
Timothy Sackton: and deeply.
Timothy Sackton: Not just scared but also not just scared of like the world around them, but also.
have them sound.
Timothy Sackton: fear.
Timothy Sackton: Fear mixed with.
Timothy Sackton: A sort of combination of dread and shame and regret.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're going to try to cure this guy.
Mike Sackton: I think we should.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah right but.
Mike Sackton: We would need something of his.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the chest could contain his former stuff.
Mike Sackton: Very possibly good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, technically it's our stuff now right we found it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: liberated it.
Eric Rosenbaum: works that's true that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true God and bastards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get him out of those costs.
Rev. David (he/him): Go to the keys release them.
yep.
Rev. David (he/him): And as he's unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: he's unconscious yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What caused them to turn into wearables.
Timothy Sackton: What like.
Timothy Sackton: The transformation, the format.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But like they had to be exposed to the full moon or it's just like you know, like just it had there's a full moon out so, then they just turned into.
Timothy Sackton: A little unclear, none of you quite now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we just observed, though, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Essentially, three werewolves and one of them, started to turn halfway and then we killed it and then the third one, the woman also werewolf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: did not turn into a werewolf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's no moonlight in here right, this is, like all dark and stuff.
Right.
Rev. David (he/him): No, but the worst to turn into a werewolf.
Rev. David (he/him): display in the closet basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So why are we unclear why should maybe we should recover the sky right and.
Rev. David (he/him): it's like noon right now right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what the hell was going on with the other werewolf and the other wearables.
Mike Sackton: That there's got to be a difference between the.
Mike Sackton: They they did that they.
Mike Sackton: They could control it in some fashion, why or how I don't know but, clearly, this guy turned into a werewolf a purpose to fight us.
Right.
Mike Sackton: But the dwarf kid clearly cannot control it right he tried it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Much like this one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well do we try to wake them up and see what objects see house or his.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah let's revive this guy suits suits up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay who's gonna revive them and how.
Rev. David (he/him): Old provide multimedia dose of healing mode.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes, the healing word.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yeah.
Great that's more renewable.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
I cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: A first level healing word.
Timothy Sackton: So as.
Timothy Sackton: seeker casts this word of healing.
Timothy Sackton: penetrates the cell and reaches this person.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of blinks his eyes slowly open.
Timothy Sackton: Your all now here.
Timothy Sackton: haha yeah looks around.
Timothy Sackton: Slightly bewildered for a moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's your name what's your name friend.
Timothy Sackton: You all.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin speaking to him and and i'm kind of scrambles back in the corner of the cell and says.
Timothy Sackton: Like throws throws his arm up in his don't look at me in done Mari get away.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at you kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're safe now friend what's your name.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of backs into the corner again he says, when you are not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What triggers you to turn.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us quickly we can cure you of your like entropy art, do you have any items in this in this dungeon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any of these belongs to belong to you show on the tarot cards, the dice around crap.
Timothy Sackton: He looks he looks around again um.
Timothy Sackton: I think they took some of my notes.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be.
Mike Sackton: what's your name.
Eric Rosenbaum: some kind of scribe maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Go here.
Rev. David (he/him): Go here.
Mike Sackton: Go here.
Mike Sackton: Go here i've been working for you.
Rev. David (he/him): we've been looking for you.
Timothy Sackton: wow who are you.
Timothy Sackton: How did you find this place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All good questions, but one thing at a time um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we see if there's a if any of those items are here.
Mike Sackton: um well so first of all, we have his diary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: don't we did we take his diary as an item specifically to do we just think it would be able to be used as such a thing.
Timothy Sackton: If we ever you.
Mike Sackton: might not have taken it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I remember discussing this.
Timothy Sackton: On your party treasure list.
Mike Sackton: let's see down.
Timothy Sackton: I don't remember you taking it because I didn't highlight it in my notes, but maybe you did.
Rev. David (he/him): goofy or have you been here for a whole month new.
Timothy Sackton: don't know how long it's been there is no day or night.
Timothy Sackton: There is no.
Timothy Sackton: Time down here.
Timothy Sackton: been a month, it has.
What.
Mike Sackton: What what's the scribes name, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Like hot.
Mike Sackton: Hot hot i'll look towards that the other.
Mike Sackton: Day.
Timothy Sackton: He like puts his hands in his face and like begins crying and says.
Timothy Sackton: It was yes.
Timothy Sackton: To last night.
Eric Rosenbaum: What happened.
Timothy Sackton: don't remember.
Timothy Sackton: woke up this morning.
Timothy Sackton: He was dead.
and
Timothy Sackton: sort of backs up into the corner again and, like leg kicks something sort of in like quantum the dark it's a.
Timothy Sackton: Human leg bone with all the meat or all the muscle turn off of that.
says.
Timothy Sackton: That was in my hands.
Timothy Sackton: As blood on my face.
Timothy Sackton: I think I killed him.
sort of looking around at.
Rev. David (he/him): Your I don't think you killed him, I think the werewolf that took control of you killed him.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're gonna try to get you out of this miss.
Rev. David (he/him): curative this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky for you, we have a little experience in this now, can we seek or do we have everything we need to do it now.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good question, I think that Dell with a.
Eric Rosenbaum: divine assistance, combined with this journal that we have yes.
Timothy Sackton: hey.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we have a.
Rev. David (he/him): Beautiful journey.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where the journals backup with the archive.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we should but it's still mid day, we should take him back to the archive I mean the other, the easier way to cure him to be totally honest, is to find a fifth level priest and gas remove curse.
Mike Sackton: there's got to be one around.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM is there one INTEGRA.
Timothy Sackton: Well you're not super familiar with the like power, you know how the lakes powerful individuals in the temple hierarchy, there are there is certainly.
Timothy Sackton: You know at least one of speaker laws like acolytes would be that strong but again they're all still out in the plane somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Right your guests, though, from what you know of like Denmark temple hierarchies and things tokers a big enough city.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's got to be somebody whether.
Timothy Sackton: You know you didn't really have a clear sense of whether i'm.
Timothy Sackton: kayla was.
Timothy Sackton: Primarily, you know was actually blessed by the gods you know have magic or was just an administrator but there's gotta be something and somebody in the temple hierarchy who.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: has somehow ours as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take him take over your back to this city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he can be cured.
Rev. David (he/him): goober what, what can you tell us about what's above us right now what's the rest of the structure compound like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also that your captors.
Timothy Sackton: There were.
Timothy Sackton: five of them that I saw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All werewolves.
Timothy Sackton: They ambushed me at the ruins, I guess, they have a.
Timothy Sackton: A base there a.
Timothy Sackton: there's an old tower.
Timothy Sackton: They have a small camp.
Timothy Sackton: And need away in.
Timothy Sackton: I guess even.
Timothy Sackton: werewolves are not immune to the.
Timothy Sackton: Power of whatever permeates that place.
Timothy Sackton: thought I had found it.
Timothy Sackton: I thought I had.
Timothy Sackton: Thankfully, I was wrong.
Timothy Sackton: The land is changed.
Timothy Sackton: The map is.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't make sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which map.
Timothy Sackton: The map yeah the map, I found in the archives.
Mike Sackton: Did they take it from you the map.
Timothy Sackton: They took it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You remember that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What it looked like.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to.
Timothy Sackton: REACH back.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we cure you of your like cancer P that maybe a little, maybe, where they will be seeing.
Everything.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we should go upstairs and get it back I.
Mike Sackton: It may still be here too we didn't.
Mike Sackton: could be either in the workshop or or elsewhere in this place we haven't finished searching here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, if there were five we know or three of them were.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: There were.
Timothy Sackton: five.
captured.
Timothy Sackton: hey followed me back to the archives, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: They broken one night.
Timothy Sackton: kill some people and took two took me and.
Timothy Sackton: heartburn.
Timothy Sackton: brought us here and locked us up and.
Timothy Sackton: took the map and wanted it explained.
Timothy Sackton: They had already been to the ruins and I tried to follow the map and I got confused and lost and.
Timothy Sackton: drifted as if in a dream and.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow I.
Timothy Sackton: heard.
Timothy Sackton: A whistle a call.
Timothy Sackton: A horse think it was chinodya.
Timothy Sackton: guiding me out.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it was a train.
Timothy Sackton: luring me.
Timothy Sackton: don't know.
But.
Timothy Sackton: While I could.
Timothy Sackton: See the crack in the ground that leads below I.
Timothy Sackton: cannot seem to approach it, no matter how I walked.
Timothy Sackton: So the map isn't right that's.
Timothy Sackton: Do you not know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's upstairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh sorry.
Timothy Sackton: i've never been upstairs.
Timothy Sackton: up is there even an upstairs.
Rev. David (he/him): let's find out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, are there any other than the three capture the three that we, the three worlds that we slew.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there any others in this compound that you know.
Rev. David (he/him): We heard voices from upstairs room.
Timothy Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: You heard voices from down here and somebody was going up this.
Mike Sackton: If we're gonna go walk from my wall, so I think we should take a short rest first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: agree agree well there's that rope ladder yeah they're they're trying to go up that ladder.
yep.
Mike Sackton: I think, while we're we should.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we should take a short rest good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we get a dice.
Timothy Sackton: So wait, are you short resting right now.
Mike Sackton: wow we're gonna talk to him, yes I think so right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, why do you ask it like that TIM, why do you ask.
Rev. David (he/him): Is it.
Rev. David (he/him): Is it foolish to short rest before we know if the rest of the House is clear or wherever we are.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David (he/him): Was it foolish.
Timothy Sackton: Not to short right plane was are you like.
Timothy Sackton: Are you done with your conversation.
Mike Sackton: Well, the short rest and put in the conversation frank currently short resting doesn't require you to sleep right okay.
Timothy Sackton: But don't click this short rest button until the hour is over.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: i'm just saying yes, we are, we are going to.
Mike Sackton: Take an hour to talk to go there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: how's the food walk around like I mean etc right.
Mike Sackton: Tell the last 10 minutes of talking to you in the first 10 minutes short raise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can any of us like sense or as are like see if there's anybody upstairs.
Timothy Sackton: You can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's my range on that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Or does it would it take I think you probably would checked.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's detect good and evil, you can do it once per day.
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet, you know if there is.
Timothy Sackton: Anything unnatural within 30 feet of you, and where it is located.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll go to the bottom of the stairs the bottom of the where the rope ladder was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay i'll do it from there.
Rev. David (he/him): Then walk all over the place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah you might just walk around right was like asked it, how long is it last.
Timothy Sackton: Last for.
Timothy Sackton: 10 minutes.
Mike Sackton: Secret clairvoyant.
Timothy Sackton: also true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the tech good and evil just walk around.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: floor when you get to the.
Timothy Sackton: When you get told basically like the far edge of the room that the ladder within the like western edge like right.
Timothy Sackton: Like like here.
Timothy Sackton: You you sense kind of at the very edge of your.
Timothy Sackton: 30 foot range.
Timothy Sackton: To more.
Timothy Sackton: No let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: zero more no more none we hold them all, are there be more.
Timothy Sackton: Three more.
Timothy Sackton: werewolves Well he stands there aberrations, but like you're pretty sure that wearables just at the end, like 30 feet away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But like above below.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So guys three more werewolves upstairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who, for some reason haven't come down yet.
Rev. David (he/him): If they're like on a second floor it's conceivable they didn't hear what happened down here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they were they were 30 feet, right at the edge of your range so that's that's like at least two two or three that's probably two floors based on the ceiling height and everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, how could they get on here.
Timothy Sackton: We do have an x bar up there at least one additional floor above that.
Mike Sackton: Should we.
Mike Sackton: Is it worth careful lansing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe, because our choices are to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: up there, directly or back out and around so all the way back down the tunnel right.
Mike Sackton: I think we should go up there it's just whether we do it immediately and whether we leave go here here.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm or do we.
Rev. David (he/him): I think he should come because we don't know.
Rev. David (he/him): You know that entrance that tunnel, but this isn't secure true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay i'll send clairvoyants.
Eric Rosenbaum: upstairs.
Timothy Sackton: So basically to where kenzo describes the president's once.
Eric Rosenbaum: So up two flights.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's it.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you take, so this is gonna this is messing up your short, those of you who are casting spells and using abilities can also get a short rest.
Timothy Sackton: hmm but well being and dealt with can still get a short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, he helped.
Eric Rosenbaum: It doesn't I don't get spills back.
from anybody else black it but anyway um.
Timothy Sackton: So clairvoyance appears, so it takes 10 minutes to cast and you're now like 20 minutes into your rest.
Timothy Sackton: kenza you'd be like 10 minutes into a rest if you wanted to start resting after you walked around.
Timothy Sackton: The sensor appears in a what looks like a small kitchen mess hall dining room.
Timothy Sackton: It is there's like a round table.
Timothy Sackton: room is not very big it's maybe 15 by 20 feet and there are three people sitting eating out like a midday meal basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Their exterior windows.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's exterior windows there's light.
Timothy Sackton: One of them is.
Timothy Sackton: You know, is wearing sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Like dark leather Armor.
Timothy Sackton: Has a short sword strapped to his back and has a like Warren clearly over this black of their Armor a big version of the same pendant that you collected made of platinum and started with gems around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy shit.
Timothy Sackton: The other two are just wearing robes and they seem to be in the middle of some conversation.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll listen okay.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: back that you will be back you will head back in.
Timothy Sackton: After you eat, yes, the one wearing the pendant is saying.
in common.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: Trust edmier but after the.
Timothy Sackton: pleasantries of the last evening, I am not sure that we should leave go via without sufficient guard, let us say.
Timothy Sackton: feel free to kick him a bit and tease him about you know.
Timothy Sackton: The bloodsport he so enjoy even.
Timothy Sackton: It won't be a good experience for you.
Timothy Sackton: But get back there soon he quickly, please.
Timothy Sackton: And you have some business later today and.
Timothy Sackton: We must make sure our guest is well treated.
Timothy Sackton: There is still more he must tell us.
Timothy Sackton: One of the other speaks, then I went a different voice speaks um.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, of course, i'm.
Timothy Sackton: edmier said he beat the fellow.
Timothy Sackton: knocked him out.
Timothy Sackton: And we could.
Timothy Sackton: grab a bite before.
Timothy Sackton: He recovered.
Timothy Sackton: don't think he's very strong it only took about three solid hits.
Timothy Sackton: But you know edmier is is strong so who knows, but we hear you.
Timothy Sackton: I know that you have more.
Timothy Sackton: Support to be had with this go here creature, we have only two more nights to enjoy before.
Timothy Sackton: I guess if he doesn't speak, he will kill him right.
Timothy Sackton: And the other voice.
Timothy Sackton: I have not yet decided what his ultimate fate will be.
Timothy Sackton: But we do have two more nights of sport before he will.
Timothy Sackton: fade back into his miserable south.
Timothy Sackton: Go get some more food finish eat before you return to your post.
conversation fades.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All that all that.
yep.
Rev. David (he/him): We put the latter backup and move.
Rev. David (he/him): The big guys buddy out of the way, so they don't suspect anything on their way down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: let's apply trap, perhaps, yes yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): we'll skip the short rest then and start.
Rev. David (he/him): Trying to cover attract some that room.
Timothy Sackton: I can make us around will check.
Mike Sackton: I will not skip the short rest.
Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh that's not great.
Timothy Sackton: it's been a while dragging bodies and stuff you know.
Timothy Sackton: You do the best can.
Timothy Sackton: You put the ladder back.
Eric Rosenbaum: The letters D animated now I guess spend enough time.
Timothy Sackton: it's still animated for another.
Timothy Sackton: 20 minutes 30 minutes, probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh sweet what fly it back into place and instructed to.
Timothy Sackton: The tie itself yeah sure why not.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then also instructed to if somebody climbs down from above to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean I.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't have like yeah anti itself so they drop.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yeah if they come in the next 20 minutes yeah.
Mike Sackton: When when does the short rest over.
Timothy Sackton: 30 minutes okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do.
Mike Sackton: wow so we get one or the other right.
Mike Sackton: yeah or or they come 27 minutes.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to just spend the time talking to go here, by the way, like oh make some food.
Mike Sackton: And just try to.
Mike Sackton: not really interrogate him or just try to get to know them a little bit and like i'll tell them the story of what of the dwarf, and how we cured the dwarf.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, Nice.
Mike Sackton: I just try to get him feeling a little bit are.
Mike Sackton: comfortable.
Timothy Sackton: make a person is jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have to explain your weird friend.
Timothy Sackton: He which.
Mike Sackton: Which weird fred's.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one to God.
Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He I mean over the next leg 10 or 15 minutes he definitely settles down and he's you know.
Timothy Sackton: starts to relax a bit all like his initial.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Fear and despair subsides of bed, and like you know he senior an Alpha and like he's like immediately believes that, of course, you could cure like cancer be I mean you're an Elf, so he kind of begins to relax a little bit and you get a bit of a sense of like his.
Timothy Sackton: enthusiasm yasmin for his.
Timothy Sackton: Work coming through as he talks about you know.
Timothy Sackton: All the stuff that's like back in the archives all of his notes like it didn't take everything I just took the you know the map and and a few of the notes, he had made about the map like there's.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely.
Timothy Sackton: Hardly a setback at all and it's work if you know you can see him start to become optimistic that maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you can actually do this and.
Mike Sackton: If there's an opportunity i'd like to find out if he thinks that he was the one writing the book about the divine.
Mike Sackton: yeah right does he think does he I mean if he.
Mike Sackton: If there's an opportunity to ask it unobtrusively I want to know if he actually thinks that that i'm forgetting all the names, but the current dynasty really is divinely inspired and like.
Mike Sackton: he's a big boy I assume he's a big believer in that it all makes sense to him, but I want to get the sense.
Mike Sackton: That he has any doubts.
Timothy Sackton: No, he is not he doesn't particularly have any doubts, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is focused on as far in the past, so he's he doesn't actually have very strong news about the current some rock kind of us, I mean he likes it like he figures, the dynasty is good, so of course he be good but mostly his focus is earlier and it's particularly um you know.
Timothy Sackton: he's particularly obsessed with.
Timothy Sackton: With the this.
Timothy Sackton: ruler from the like.
Timothy Sackton: 1620 1630 is like 100.
Timothy Sackton: Where does that, like 120 hundred and hundred and 10 hundred and 20 years ago the nine yard, who he's like thought was like the greatest ruler of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the blake nyan dynasty other than like the the people who actually founded the dynasty is like did all this amazing stuff like one all these wars, like the gods clearly were favoring him so he's definitely like you know he's a.
Timothy Sackton: You know he has.
Timothy Sackton: He think he's totally bought into the non dynasty is divine but like he's very much looking back into the past.
Mike Sackton: What does he think about Sir, I mean I won't tell them anything about service.
Rev. David (he/him): Current state.
Mike Sackton: But the historical story, does he have any like.
Timothy Sackton: To recent for him to care about basically.
Timothy Sackton: And it's sort of like questions the narrative a little bit like Why would the dynasty be so he's kind of like you get the sense like he's like that you know couldn't be important, because it suggests that maybe the gods were always protecting an eye and rulers.
Timothy Sackton: So 20.
Timothy Sackton: minutes past, what are you doing to set up a trap here.
Rev. David (he/him): So i'm going to put the drift globe in that room with the ladder in it, but turn it off, so that it can be turned on with the.
Rev. David (he/him): command work, because it should be dark down here.
yep.
Rev. David (he/him): and
Rev. David (he/him): I know what else can we do to set up the trap.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter trap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we put some like weird Spikes can't like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get secret mix them like you know spiky deathtrap underneath with a ladder supposed to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When they fall they get like impaled.
Rev. David (he/him): Can we regal way to cut the letter down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see after it's no longer animate.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah like.
Rev. David (he/him): You can stream.
Rev. David (he/him): slices off for king.
Mike Sackton: Can you read animate it is that.
Timothy Sackton: time you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: overdose on.
Timothy Sackton: If you spell my last slide you can do it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: A third level is it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep I don't I don't I didn't know that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM how highest this whole.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's about the latter is 15 feet it's about 15 feet up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So ken's I can just jump right through it.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: If you could re animate the latter, I feel like the best trap is just literally to tell the ladder to let go with their on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then they'll be prone and we can beat the hell out of them.
Mike Sackton: I mean that we should give us one if we're hiding like here and here that we're just back to the to the wall right.
Rev. David (he/him): TIM how.
Rev. David (he/him): Big is the giant I guess we've used the dragon fly recently how big is it, though.
Timothy Sackton: The giant fly it's like large it's 10 foot long.
Rev. David (he/him): Because.
Rev. David (he/him): I think we've used it to recently but otherwise be really nice, to put it in that room they couldn't get back out because it's too big.
Timothy Sackton: Who can squeeze through it could squeeze through it just cost.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, he used to recently anyway, because it needs to be 48 hours after.
Mike Sackton: But when did we use it.
Timothy Sackton: You use that to.
Rev. David (he/him): distract.
Timothy Sackton: giant worm That was the.
Eric Rosenbaum: title and.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was yesterday wow yep right.
Timothy Sackton: So, tomorrow morning, you can use this.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: What are you I need to know how this is being set up here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like the rope ladder that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll just reanimate it after the after it runs out.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: perfect.
Mike Sackton: I mean we should be able to get a surprise round with advantage right if they fall from the latter there'll be prone.
Mike Sackton: It gives us advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, set up like a little cover something in front of me, you know more or less where I am right now, but like some cover.
Rev. David (he/him): Right yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a giant 10 foot long spear in the other room.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: We could drag some junk out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it sharp.
Timothy Sackton: There is like in this room here, no it's not well there's a it's like a Pole that's meant to be stabbed into the ground it's like a snake is probably not sharp enough to do a ton of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can.
Timothy Sackton: There is like clutter in this room here like if you rearrange the clutter slightly they might not notice, but you could make decent enough cover so that.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody could hide in the corner basically.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah let's do that what if we put a.
Rev. David (he/him): Like a kenzo in one corner and adele within the other.
Rev. David (he/him): What you guys think yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I that.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be running low on spells but yeah.
Mike Sackton: I just really want to get a short rest like get my spells back.
Timothy Sackton: You can also use your personal power remember to get a third.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's right Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: That takes an action.
Timothy Sackton: That takes an action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I did there no.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: There you go there, the other style slot back i'm.
Timothy Sackton: about another 30 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: Or the.
Timothy Sackton: Other 10 minutes past.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it to I have to reanimate.
Timothy Sackton: You have to reanimate.
Mike Sackton: Does that mean making sure I could take a short rest.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: Another 10 minutes and you hear footsteps on the roof of this of this like.
Timothy Sackton: Above here.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh sorry telepathically lights out everybody.
Mike Sackton: know as soon as the as soon as he says that i'm going to cast Armor of.
Mike Sackton: I get this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but where are you jealous and we're snobby.
Timothy Sackton: About nice yourselves, where you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With work Okay, and then we'll be done here.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah hiding as best we can.
Timothy Sackton: So already make stealth checks.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess i'll hide behind the corner here.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you.
Mike Sackton: Is it worth casting and visible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know right because it says we attack you lose the visibility.
Mike Sackton: But it gives us a surprise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Up to you and wait are there are they were rules right now they're not they're just humans right all three of.
Timothy Sackton: them are humans when.
Timothy Sackton: seeker saw them.
Rev. David (he/him): If we kill them as humans.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's the best.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah much easier.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna catch deal with white, why not.
Mike Sackton: Why isn't.
Rev. David (he/him): There we go.
Mike Sackton: upstairs and unfortunately I won't have any spells left for the.
Mike Sackton: Big boss that's okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not.
Mike Sackton: I don't get two slots.
Mike Sackton: I guess to spouse, but I agree get them back every short rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You want to waste that now on the visibility, because the only do you want to save it for can you do some other epic shit to the big boss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because the other option, and all this as well, I guess they're coming down now so whenever it's too late, but we could also just run up there and attack them.
Rev. David (he/him): We have.
Rev. David (he/him): These guys and then we'll go.
Mike Sackton: Right whatever I want cast him.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll just tell me.
Rev. David (he/him): How many sets of footsteps on the roof on the soon.
Timothy Sackton: To okay it's what you expect based on the clairvoyant institute that works said, to come back.
Timothy Sackton: They said they begin to just send a ladder i'm the first one comes down and and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: looks around a bit.
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: With the letter was going to drop as soon as they yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah which are they're both on the ladder and then fall.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um let's see that was.
Timothy Sackton: um look looks around and sees the top of Dallas head, from the perspective up on the ladder looking down and begins to yell something when the ladder drops underneath them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So football.
Timothy Sackton: They both fall.
Rev. David (he/him): Excellent yay good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good job letter.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, one of them lands.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I guess they're falling 15 feet and they're not particularly acrobatic so they're they're going to land part, no matter what they don't seem to be affected by the damage, but they both land print on the ground i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me grab the.
Mike Sackton: pain, as soon as the plan is to charge them and the minute they fall.
Mike Sackton: Like as they're falling we're.
Mike Sackton: Running it.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay surprise, surprise for him.
Timothy Sackton: So they yes roll initiative.
Timothy Sackton: They have spotted they spotted the top of that, with hat so Dallas does not get surprise.
Timothy Sackton: But everybody else does.
Timothy Sackton: So they're both prone.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: And let me.
Timothy Sackton: turn our side, where did you that was from 22 while you're going to get through, the first thing i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Cancer roll the 19 secret all the 20 wow what are you guys doing with the addition of this time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like how the ladders initiative to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah now senior guy to.
Mike Sackton: 2430 can your water do stuff like you can make it do things right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't actually get its own initiative at Apps.
Mike Sackton: i'm candidate attack.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sure.
Timothy Sackton: Not so do.
Timothy Sackton: Since the way surprise rounds work is like everybody dealt with and the two of them don't act on the first turn but everybody else who surprised them do.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So they sat down with you all saw them, but the other three of you were stealthy enough to beat their.
Timothy Sackton: That to not to beat them so.
Timothy Sackton: seek our kenzo and well be, if you want to take surprise rounds actions go ahead and then, when to start at the top, and you all much better than they did so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: actually go first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah go for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: um I think makes sense to.
Eric Rosenbaum: step out into the doorway and explode the ground again.
Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Casting erupting years.
Timothy Sackton: Now, putting it like there yep.
perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Two decks yeah.
Timothy Sackton: wow five and a three I don't think basis.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's 3D 12 oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: 18 yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so they both are now not only prone but in difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: As the earth or ups around them so seeker that's your turn.
Timothy Sackton: mm hmm kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll a trap guys go over this guy's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah beat the hell out of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I will I did not short rest.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: you're.
Timothy Sackton: short on key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah how many key to have what I gotta slow slow slow few I select three key left all right i'm gonna yeah I will just on our obstruct the student.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, you ever advantage because it's because their prime.
Timothy Sackton: But while, but you have disadvantage for brain stats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so first one gotta.
Timothy Sackton: run hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Welcome again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then i'll do one more.
Timothy Sackton: that's gonna hit yeah that has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brought him about humans.
Timothy Sackton: they're still in human form, yes, looking like three blows wham wham wham he's like staggers tries to like curl up and protect himself looks badly hurt now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well, the and then down with then steeper than cancer than wealthy than.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, so.
Mike Sackton: wow yeah trouble.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll shoot the same guy that kenzo hit.
Rev. David (he/him): With steady aim to cancel.
Rev. David (he/him): To give me a straight role, but still not get.
Rev. David (he/him): sneak so that's 16.
Timothy Sackton: Bad hats.
Timothy Sackton: Are you still get sneak attack because.
Mike Sackton: 10 times within five feet.
Rev. David (he/him): Five feet Oh, even though there's disadvantages for him being is.
Timothy Sackton: not disadvantage because.
Timothy Sackton: steady and cancels the disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Rev. David (he/him): that's 27.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that when his dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow nasty.
Mike Sackton: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: huh yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: We thought we forgot to enter a turn but.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: yeah right now, the latter gets a.
Mike Sackton: Turn or was the ladders action.
Timothy Sackton: dropping I think the ladders turn was dropping.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK that's fine so we'll give it an.
Mike Sackton: I mean i'll let it it'll have a turn right now.
Timothy Sackton: we'll have a trace route.
Eric Rosenbaum: house okay.
Mike Sackton: The surprise RAD is dropping but then it should go right after right after you will go right after me.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Mike Sackton: wow I didn't need to roll the advantage sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: first strike.
Timothy Sackton: Second stray cats.
Mike Sackton: 15 damage yep.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Timothy Sackton: run forward just.
Timothy Sackton: slashing into this prone body.
Timothy Sackton: The ladder now it's flying up and preparing to dive down for another attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, in the meantime.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just absolutely tearing to this person's lack of facial hair.
Mike Sackton: I favorite is that you killed it animated statute vicious mockery.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was so poorly carved.
It was.
Timothy Sackton: Very uncreative use of animal forums i'm fails.
Timothy Sackton: has saved her save looks around like just curled up in a ball.
Timothy Sackton: prone scared and now also have disadvantage on her next attack, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: It was gracious.
Mike Sackton: ladder she's not going to get an attack.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's true ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: So those are the ladder will attack her with a strangling 11 I would have ladders do too yeah.
that's right.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): What about letters.
Eric Rosenbaum: so little I don't I rule.
Timothy Sackton: it's just your um.
Timothy Sackton: it's just your spell attack and that's when 10 plus three damage that hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow getting killed by a ladder, this is pretty brutal.
Mike Sackton: waco.
Mike Sackton: Being box and then hit by.
Timothy Sackton: And here's something I totally didn't realize about your.
Timothy Sackton: When a creature starts its turn within 10 feet of your animated object, you can either increase it speed by 10 feet or decrease its speed by 10 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So you can also wrapped have the rock the ladder wrapped around her legs decreasing your speed by 10 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so five damage.
Timothy Sackton: kenza Europe.
Timothy Sackton: and Canada to increase his feet by 10 feet, not that it's gonna matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just love how seekers killing people like the secret death.
Timothy Sackton: maker is pretty horrifying when he puts his mind to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right here you're.
Timothy Sackton: not going to survive Kansas attacks so.
Timothy Sackton: yep that hits.
Mike Sackton: Your advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to remember well the first one that that is my advantage.
Timothy Sackton: that's our first one hits.
Mike Sackton: So seven.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the 15th so yeah yeah 16.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got one more, I have one, I have one more.
Timothy Sackton: know you already killed her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Timothy Sackton: To unsuspecting werewolves never even got a chance to turn into werewolf farm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we jump upstairs now and.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll be guy up 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am, can I provide bonus action can I jump upstairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good I jumped through the whole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure i'll just be writing this animated letter.
Timothy Sackton: ups yeah you know I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think they're all writing the animated yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Are you leaving go via behind.
Rev. David (he/him): No go viewers go to come with us.
Rev. David (he/him): we'll just go here look if you stay here we can't guarantee your safety.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: come with us.
Rev. David (he/him): If you want to live.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you want to live i'll jump up first stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to end this initiative because we'll start a new one.
Timothy Sackton: You jump up and you.
Timothy Sackton: find yourself in a.
Timothy Sackton: tiny five foot square completely blank room.
Timothy Sackton: With.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: With a door on the West side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep that's right.
Rev. David (he/him): let's go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah go in.
Timothy Sackton: First, the door open it takes some effort to push open it's like you're pushing against something.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no as you push it open like a tapestry that was hiding the door like falls down i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): read all right.
Timothy Sackton: come out in it like it's like pushing through a curtain right so like falls into your face and you come out into a.
Timothy Sackton: basement there's like barrels of dried me wine water.
Timothy Sackton: The door now, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Has there's like this tapestry, is this old very old faded tapestry.
Timothy Sackton: cool you're in some like old abandoned basement and the door has the same symbol to be painted on it, but it's hidden behind the tapestry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: So you'd have to normally you'd have to list the tapestry.
Timothy Sackton: As you come out.
Timothy Sackton: You there are you're in a basement there's stairs off in the basement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're all together.
Mike Sackton: But yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Probably not stairs up there's a there's a there's a trap door with a wooden ladder.
Timothy Sackton: That next to that.
Mike Sackton: Secret you should bring the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: animated letter.
Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because.
Mike Sackton: They last for an hour right.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: We sat down.
Mike Sackton: To can we like attach it as the ladder and just keep right, I mean, could you even.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, it should be, it might be useful and combat, if nothing else.
food.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well it's coming with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: go off the trap door.
Timothy Sackton: The wedding ladder up who's going first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: talk.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ladder.
Mike Sackton: The ladder could go first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ladder could go first.
Mike Sackton: And why not inside the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: It can't see or talk.
Mike Sackton: About I mean thinking it do we think we're going to come out approximately where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, right based on like evil.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's your gas.
Rev. David (he/him): One another go first and like stealth my way up and like still open the trap door just cracking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I can also.
Mike Sackton: Show now costly case to the rescue.
Mike Sackton: Why, on the other side of the trap door.
Timothy Sackton: Is that once.
Mike Sackton: it's once per short runs for short rest.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the other side, like you climb up the ladder and look through the trap from inside and the other side of the trap door is.
Timothy Sackton: A pantry there's like.
Timothy Sackton: You can see through any is there a limit to the amount of solid wall that you can see through.
Mike Sackton: all it says is as an action you gain the ability to see through solid objects with dark fishing to a range of 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: So it's 30 feet, but you can see through.
Timothy Sackton: Solid objects go.
Mike Sackton: To 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the pantry um it contains like more food.
Timothy Sackton: is just like a small room and then there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Here dealt with i'll put you here.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see ah this so you can see.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Timothy Sackton: You can see through the wall to here to this dining room where.
Timothy Sackton: There was one person sitting at the table i'm content like flipping through like making some notes on a on a sheaf of papers.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so i'll describe what I see to everybody basically there's a small pantry big enough just about for all of us there's an opening in the pantry and then that weeds out into the dining room and the dining room is where.
Mike Sackton: Where this guy is and he's he seems like he's not paying attention now, but who knows what will happen the trap door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to kill him before it becomes a world.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how quickly we can tell them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we got at least strike at the process gone.
Rev. David (he/him): what's wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a way to get out of this building that's not through this guy.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he dealt with can see a door at the other end so you can see, this too there's a door here.
Timothy Sackton: Right and there's stairs leading up, you can see all.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, range of your.
Mike Sackton: So, yes there's a way to get out.
Mike Sackton: If we go right when we come to the petri if we go right instead of last.
Mike Sackton: You come to a door, which I can't see through it's too far, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like we could just.
Eric Rosenbaum: sneak out come back with an army before dark to arrest the guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: On suspicions of like.
Mike Sackton: We could try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we take justice into our own hands and kill him now.
Mike Sackton: i'm a fan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then there's that I think right.
Rev. David (he/him): I think, taking justice into your own hands, has a special meaning coming denzel.
Mike Sackton: would now be a good time for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that the name of your staff actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: justice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I need a badge of staff I don't have one yet.
Rev. David (he/him): What were you asking me.
wow.
Mike Sackton: I could make fourth level third I can make three of the four of us visible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah maybe all of us, except seeker and then well actually it can secret, can you do that, that that crazy thing again where you'd make a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The the earthen.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm running low on stuff here.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Mike Sackton: The other thing I could do is I could teleport myself like right in front of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cannot do erupting earth anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, if you make the.
metal.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he had a short sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that's i'll be useful, but like if you make the three of us invisible, can we just go up and then surprise tackle.
Mike Sackton: yeah as long as we don't roll terribly badly on style yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Easy peasy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do it.
Mike Sackton: As long as there's no trap or trip wire on the trap door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There wouldn't be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why wouldn't we just bring the whole building down.
Mike Sackton: is a dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: cities.
Mike Sackton: It won't just stay in one building.
Mike Sackton: Oh wow We just need a couple of pages control flank can trip and we control.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cities obviously infested with werewolf so.
Rev. David (he/him): If we burn it down we burned down all their evidence that we have just straight up murdered five.
Rev. David (he/him): upstanding citizens.
Mike Sackton: it's true also true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, go viewers are obviously our our star witness so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right now, by we brought him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's.
Timothy Sackton: not on our side limping behind you like sort of hiding in a corner not really sure what to do at this point.
Mike Sackton: yeah hide in a corner is a.
Mike Sackton: Good strategy.
Rev. David (he/him): Over you go behind those barrels well we go upstairs from.
Mike Sackton: i'm torn between visibility, the you can't hit me that an s bell and teleporting in his face and stabbing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should cast and visibility on me and while the teleport in front of his face.
Mike Sackton: I can't do.
Mike Sackton: I can't do both point.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I have enough, I have one spell fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many of you have some visibility, how many people can you make it visible with one race i'll do that.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's do that.
Mike Sackton: let's do have visibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, and then that way we can you and I can rush attack of melee and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and that will be yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): TIM, is he facing the door away from the door.
Timothy Sackton: he's facing the table.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah this.
Timothy Sackton: Is back as to the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, will you see the capital open.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no that's.
Mike Sackton: The doors in a pantry you will not see that oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'm just gonna hide the pantry and.
Eric Rosenbaum: put my head out to cast a spell or whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah perfect.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you who has begun to be invisible.
Mike Sackton: Ah, dealt with well be and kenzo are visible.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Any more inspiration left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret yes, I do I inspire I can inspire everyone in advance here, probably.
Mike Sackton: That would be super helpful when we all fail our stuff.
Timothy Sackton: You.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know i'm not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no, we are not killing ourselves tracks were getting critical successes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, I only have to.
Mike Sackton: inspire okay well.
Mike Sackton: dealt with does not feel very stuffy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You want to deal with and give one to make an adult within well to hear it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah really.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm so reliant on that one attack like if it misses yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah okay so that's my two.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: that'll do this.
Mike Sackton: cuz I gotta go to bed.
room.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, before you send the chapter, I know it's like midnight is everybody Okay, with the boss fight tonight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm the boss fight we're going to take this guy out in like five minutes.
Mike Sackton: he's not gonna last long like for your ads.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): More than two 300 points.
Timothy Sackton: So ah everybody give me a self check everybody who's invisible with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no i'm going to get us aware and I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't know but you're not we're going first.
Mike Sackton: yeah you're not going anywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I still need to do right.
Timothy Sackton: You still do it yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Rev. David (he/him): And so.
Timothy Sackton: hands on.
Rev. David (he/him): Her.
Timothy Sackton: seekers a 13.
Mike Sackton: Elsa 16.
Timothy Sackton: Meanwhile, visa 20.
Rev. David (he/him): Just kind of shakes his head.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so waiter.
Mike Sackton: Who is going, nobody could see it, though, because well basic physical.
Timothy Sackton: whiteboard or are you going up the stairs in and I.
Timothy Sackton: I think or you're all gathering in the pantry and then proceeding with your attack with.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, yeah yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): So um I think.
Rev. David (he/him): I think kenzo and.
Mike Sackton: Get her daughter going to Russia.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah like.
Mike Sackton: i'm aiming to go 123456 right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are you guys looking at, by the way, I can't see shit.
Rev. David (he/him): I can see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and.
Timothy Sackton: zoom out and then resume in on that.
Mike Sackton: We have all the way out and then find.
Timothy Sackton: All the floors of the building on the same map.
Rev. David (he/him): sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which maps okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and make sure laddie.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Battery ladder gets to come up.
Mike Sackton: So I mean.
Mike Sackton: The idea.
Mike Sackton: is to be invisible when i'm right there.
Mike Sackton: And then just be stabbed him.
Timothy Sackton: So um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: let's.
Timothy Sackton: initiative.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, it automatically will see you but i'll change the.
Mike Sackton: man.
Rev. David (he/him): man.
Mike Sackton: there's a lot we got so good roles and then for the boss fight crap.
Timothy Sackton: wow wow be isn't 11.
Mike Sackton: For all weapons.
sex.
Timothy Sackton: years and I live in.
Timothy Sackton: And does a sex.
Rev. David (he/him): it's good we're getting the most out of the way.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's.
Totally.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm pretty sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: weezer inspiration now.
Mike Sackton: I went using an initiative.
Timothy Sackton: use it on initiative, if you want.
Timothy Sackton: it's not necessarily a terrible idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well what's keeping him from like you know the other one was like turning into a werewolf halfway was because we were fucking them up, that we can turn them into the world with all the way things are going to change very substantially, you can turn into a werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We get a sneak attack around though right.
Timothy Sackton: As you as you let's see.
Mike Sackton: He is like see invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is gonna go exactly as.
Eric Rosenbaum: Planned till.
Timothy Sackton: Now, with all the 16 to 20 okay so um as you, as you all begin to move.
Timothy Sackton: in the direction of the pantry.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Like grabs a short sword off his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bags come on.
Timothy Sackton: thing back and start like yells like who's there um but everybody who rolled higher than a 13 still gets a.
Timothy Sackton: herself you get to.
Timothy Sackton: Get so down with and well beast don't get tax.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know cuz i've got a 13 2013.
Timothy Sackton: Now higher than 30.
Timothy Sackton: So surprise round is just now, with and wealthy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it's also them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: I mean we'll get our regular turns visible you're still visible until you attack.
Timothy Sackton: you're still invisible until you do something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a nice guy console setting right now right.
Timothy Sackton: Right now only so that with, and while he gets prize attacks, but then he is the first an initiative or so he goes before.
I.
Rev. David (he/him): All right.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna shoot him.
Rev. David (he/him): With.
Rev. David (he/him): A off this is what the advantage right.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah because.
Mike Sackton: that's present yes.
Rev. David (he/him): yep with all four charges from the flaming bolstering there's one there's two.
Timothy Sackton: Ah 19 hats.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, so here is my regular damage.
Rev. David (he/him): And then.
Rev. David (he/him): that's the additional fire damage at.
Rev. David (he/him): 30 9:30am and.
Rev. David (he/him): At the start of his turn is going to have to roll a.
Rev. David (he/him): Saving throw against another 44 fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he liked as this flaming arrow like burst into flame around him he, like looks up as well be materializes i'm in front of him down with.
Mike Sackton: All right, i'm going to hacks played Carson.
Mike Sackton: OK, and then well on him with my long sword.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That rolls out the way.
Timothy Sackton: not bad.
Mike Sackton: So that's that's 15 plus.
Mike Sackton: hold on has played curse does plus three more so that's at.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Does it do I guess it doesn't get plus three no it's just it's not to the critical.
Mike Sackton: So that my second attack.
Mike Sackton: attack.
Mike Sackton: Attack credits again because exploits currently crit on.
Timothy Sackton: Have you scary when it turns into a world.
Mike Sackton: I work, I will do.
Mike Sackton: So that's 14 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay he's I mean.
Mike Sackton: So he just took 60 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: In like definitely you know not laying.
Timothy Sackton: On death's door, but like looks around.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty uncertain about this whole situation.
Timothy Sackton: stands up and chefs yeah, of course, face grows.
Timothy Sackton: And then yells ah.
Timothy Sackton: Everyone to me.
Rev. David (he/him): What do you mean everyone they're all did we killed, all of them.
Mike Sackton: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is the full shifting take place in one turn, is it now just the level.
Timothy Sackton: he's not just the wearable yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's got a short story that you can burn.
Timothy Sackton: Well he's like a he's like a bipedal wolf he's like standing up on two legs he's still got his sword in his hand but he is fully in werewolf form.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sword in his hand for now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's my turn.
yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Mike Sackton: yeah he met him on the sword is not crazy idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we were like which direction, I even go I can't see ever go.
Mike Sackton: out the pantry.
Mike Sackton: go towards the latter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, oh unless what's the matters initiative.
Mike Sackton: It goes up it goes on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To build your secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because, after me.
Mike Sackton: can fly, so it should be able to fly over get on top of the table and pummeled the holiday.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah it's also.
Rev. David (he/him): kind of letter grapple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very good, and i'm going to do stunning strike for sure on this guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh i'm sorry TIM I forgot at the start of his turn he needs.
Rev. David (he/him): etc 13 contract.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, saving throw around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who understand negatively affects his ability to turn it over all.
Timothy Sackton: The details now on the fact that we're going to turn into a werewolf ah, he wrote the four.
Rev. David (he/him): Years yay so.
Eric Rosenbaum: takes more damage.
Timothy Sackton: is still burning yep.
Rev. David (he/him): So that's another 14 points of damage.
Rev. David (he/him): holy and do the same thing again next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've said, this is far and away the most successful attack you've ever had.
Mike Sackton: really is.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I just make him really small.
Eric Rosenbaum: Phillip disadvantage on anything related to strength, maybe that's.
Mike Sackton: gonna save against that, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: um so he's.
Eric Rosenbaum: kept the middle short sword.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right yep um so i'll cast heat metal on him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he wearing any Armor.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not in his wolf form he's just got a short sword so that's a con savory you automatically takes the damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh God, how did I wrote to.
Timothy Sackton: it's a concert every drop.
Mike Sackton: You wrote to one's.
Eric Rosenbaum: gonna today.
Mike Sackton: that's terrible.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's good to know just have to buy it boy.
Timothy Sackton: will be reduced to his by the deck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hopefully, will kill him before he gets a chance to attack again because they're not not a lot of guests attacker.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah now the ladder gets to attack.
um.
Eric Rosenbaum: What.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the letters roll again let's.
Mike Sackton: spell attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh thanks okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Critical hit critical hit.
So.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to try to grapple attack is that same thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep Okay, so it is a grappling attack from step up the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's not very good.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah no he's very terrible.
Eric Rosenbaum: um, but we can we want the latter over to them, I can.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that doesn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Last inside yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So while be here.
Mike Sackton: i'll be here up.
Rev. David (he/him): Great will take careful aim and shoot this guy.
Rev. David (he/him): there's one oh yeah that it's probably.
Rev. David (he/him): that's 2026 all together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Car rosie the role but it's fine.
Rev. David (he/him): That helps with 25 and 25 rules.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so it has 26 damage, you said yep.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Robbie is just tearing into this guy with arrows.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your op.
Mike Sackton: eds all right.
Mike Sackton: We got.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to do the same thing I just did before.
Rev. David (he/him): Better.
Mike Sackton: But slightly worse.
Mike Sackton: I seem 22 heads.
Now.
Mike Sackton: So 13 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: there's a 14 hit.
Timothy Sackton: A 14 does not have.
Rev. David (he/him): To use your inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah I do want to use my inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He doesn't have any i'm around right.
Mike Sackton: yeah but he's a werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where oh he's aware of that's right.
Mike Sackton: Does a 21 hit.
Timothy Sackton: On 21 doesn't fact that.
Mike Sackton: So that will be 16 damage.
Timothy Sackton: He is definitely looking in bad shape now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hadn't.
Mike Sackton: You are you well, it does the inspiration does Eric your damn.
Timothy Sackton: thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Nice.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what what the damages.
Mike Sackton: needed on US Constitution Okay, so not.
Mike Sackton: i'm also going to use my ring of use a bonus action to use a charge of my realm of displacement.
Mike Sackton: So he has disadvantage on any attacks against me.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: jealous kenzo Europe.
Timothy Sackton: nope the door bangs.
Mike Sackton: Open it.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Let me just fix this order here okay so ah.
Timothy Sackton: After.
Timothy Sackton: Groups, why are we so while we went seeker went down with when.
Timothy Sackton: The door bangs open and a werewolf rushes through the front wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: way now, this is not how it's supposed to go.
Timothy Sackton: rhino you know, the first thing he sees which is seeker.
Mike Sackton: kenzo is still visible.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and it's going to swing at year with claws first.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be an 18 to hit.
Timothy Sackton: And then, a bite, which is going to be a critical head as he catches you guys.
Rev. David (he/him): know.
Timothy Sackton: You take eight points of damage from the claws and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should save our inspirations for the Constitution.
Save.
Mike Sackton: US by to be totally on.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: rola just slash backslash GM roll Wendy 20 plus.
Timothy Sackton: Plus your con plus two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I just do slash general and then the number on a roll.
Timothy Sackton: haha no.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: That ends its turn.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Still, not a chance to check it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After all this.
Timothy Sackton: It was 18 damage total.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh 18 oh man okay.
Timothy Sackton: And then another one comes crashing down the stairs this one is full on wolf form i'm howling.
Timothy Sackton: The sound of more footsteps falling behind that and it's going to dash.
Timothy Sackton: there.
Timothy Sackton: i'm like sort of coming towards.
Timothy Sackton: The leader.
Timothy Sackton: Has a better move in will form um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why does all this get to happen before before.
Timothy Sackton: Friday world they rolled hiring initiative.
Timothy Sackton: um and as it will.
Timothy Sackton: leap on the table here.
Timothy Sackton: So seeker and well be you both can take a taxi opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: If you have any weapons that you can use.
Timothy Sackton: seeker I don't you would probably just have to punch it because.
Eric Rosenbaum: How a dagger.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can stack up with a dagger.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I do that with a range weapon.
Timothy Sackton: I know, so you unless you know you can't get an attack of opportunity since you're holding your bow yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you want to like punch it on the head or something as it goes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Down I punch it as it goes right.
Timothy Sackton: Now, because it's still in combat with you and it's going to.
Timothy Sackton: Make.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I did.
I got a credit.
Timothy Sackton: hahaha.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the same protocol is to take with the with.
Eric Rosenbaum: The crossbow which is is the sort of eyes shut.
Timothy Sackton: Right, just like.
Timothy Sackton: But in this case just it was running so fast just ran straight into your dagger isn't fast you.
Timothy Sackton: Are in its will form it only gets one bite attack.
Mike Sackton: Over do any damage.
Timothy Sackton: It does no dead that's literally.
Timothy Sackton: Fine i'm.
Mike Sackton: Okay, it.
Might attack head.
Timothy Sackton: On down with.
Mike Sackton: As disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be a 17 to hit.
Timothy Sackton: Miss okay.
Mike Sackton: But I kind of wanted to hit.
Timothy Sackton: Hamza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Finally, all right.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna hit the ball.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Still invisible and i'm going to do a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stunning strike.
Mike Sackton: On the boss.
Timothy Sackton: On the boss okay.
Timothy Sackton: That is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excellent.
Timothy Sackton: So con save.
Timothy Sackton: 21.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking bitch i'm going to do it again.
Timothy Sackton: How much katie i've laughed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at two more.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But it still takes the seven points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if I do it, but if I succeed again and he feels a concept by on you'll be stunned right won't be able to back or i'll try, one more time.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
concept.
Timothy Sackton: 22.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got one more key guys just do a regular talker should I try to have some again the dead it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stinks i'm looking pretty wounded.
Mike Sackton: i'd save the key maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can say I can do, I could do right now, another key and then do two more attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do they have the.
Rev. David (he/him): Right to.
Mike Sackton: Do that yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to do that because I think if he dies, the whole equation will change for all the other ones too.
Timothy Sackton: Bad Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, here's my extreme attack.
Mike Sackton: You get advantage.
Mike Sackton: You only get advance first attack.
Timothy Sackton: Your first attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay whoa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I want to wait well if I got advantage, my first attack then.
Mike Sackton: You could run your first attack again.
Timothy Sackton: While you're out again see if you get a crowd.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all right, why not.
No, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wow wait.
Timothy Sackton: Wait 10 says turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Blue we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did did we skip a ladder turn or no yeah no we didn't.
Timothy Sackton: Know yeah.
Timothy Sackton: A ladder attempted to yeah grapple at.
Rev. David (he/him): The bottom, a friend woman.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah charging down the oops how did I mess up the order of us.
Timothy Sackton: That one already went.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well charging down the stairs to more.
Timothy Sackton: falling behind 123 for this one and shoot in like half off half human form this one's still a wolf rushing leaving on the table attacking Goliath and this one's going to attack seeker, so the wolf biting down with all the 23.
Mike Sackton: At had.
Mike Sackton: advantage so 710 Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: So Mrs as dealt with shifting blurring form is hard to.
Timothy Sackton: hard to do anything about.
Timothy Sackton: And then the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we should just join them.
Timothy Sackton: This one here is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Take one.
Timothy Sackton: attack.
Timothy Sackton: With a short sword.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be a plus was going to be 18 to hit seeker.
Timothy Sackton: For nine points of damage, then a bite.
Eric Rosenbaum: beaker million damage.
Mike Sackton: How you doing.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a man what's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: 13 so the bite Mrs.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm at 25.
Timothy Sackton: And that ends there turns.
Mike Sackton: Losses kicked at turn.
Mike Sackton: She has to make a safe for fire damage right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: con safe.
Timothy Sackton: 11.
Timothy Sackton: He rolled well on the sons and bad on.
Rev. David (he/him): to another level.
Mike Sackton: Which.
Timothy Sackton: are quite.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the hell, how many fucking hip flexors this thing of.
Looking.
Timothy Sackton: At.
Timothy Sackton: um and a short sword is gone um any mighty now as allies and he's going to let out this enormous howl and then he is just going to turn i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wilson inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: and make ah.
Timothy Sackton: I guess he'll make.
Timothy Sackton: to claw attacks at Dallas at down with.
Timothy Sackton: Well, first he's gonna first he's gonna eat lunch to bite at kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: um which is going to be a 13 to hit.
Timothy Sackton: This um.
Timothy Sackton: And then he will make a clock attack at Dallas.
Timothy Sackton: Which is an 11.
Timothy Sackton: Miss i'm senses this blurring.
Timothy Sackton: This interns to make a second Claude attack at.
Timothy Sackton: At Kansas.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a 14 and then he has gone to.
Timothy Sackton: grab a potion.
No.
Rev. David (he/him): No nope no I don't think he is.
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: prevent potion.
Timothy Sackton: haha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He can't get 150 hit points back any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure, all.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm better spill.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and ah.
Timothy Sackton: As he.
Timothy Sackton: As he drinks, the potion begins to transform.
Timothy Sackton: into a tiny pool of water.
Timothy Sackton: And then oozes out a crack in the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yes, scape shit.
Rev. David (he/him): ton of opportunities on the tiny pool of water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Yes, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can swing it the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, anyone who's in melee with him right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah TAO athan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lot of pressure right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And kenzo yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Come on.
Timothy Sackton: I 26 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please kill him Oh, you know what now i'm going to use my fucking inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't one day.
Timothy Sackton: it's Wendy eight yeah.
Mike Sackton: 14 damage.
Timothy Sackton: 1919 hats.
Rev. David (he/him): I like the idea that Kansas, just like slapping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's actual werewolves all around us to.
Timothy Sackton: Roll your damage kenzo.
Mike Sackton: fix budgeting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, six right.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry I didn't see that and oh okay.
Timothy Sackton: What is he going to RON has gone save.
Timothy Sackton: what's your DC seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: DC.
Timothy Sackton: or your spouse.
Mike Sackton: 15 probably.
Timothy Sackton: Is it 15.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says save DC 15 yeah that's right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he wrote the 14 so.
Timothy Sackton: What what splash at the water.
Timothy Sackton: And, as it splashing up.
Timothy Sackton: Though punches at it.
Timothy Sackton: And the water begins to shimmer slightly until seekers room that's floating around kenzo explodes and scatters the water across the entire room, as it is destroyed in a blast of thunder.
Timothy Sackton: thunder damage being exactly what you needed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walking away.
Rev. David (he/him): holy shit.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, good site, then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did the other was just evaporate now.
Eric Rosenbaum: they'll direct doctors.
Eric Rosenbaum: They know.
Timothy Sackton: They get matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on.
Mike Sackton: As he turned back into a body.
Timothy Sackton: He turns back into her body, yes.
Rev. David (he/him): doesn't mean they're like little chunks of him all over the room.
Timothy Sackton: He he kind of read congealed as he dies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we was.
Rev. David (he/him): imma.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well i'll be your up.
Rev. David (he/him): Do I have disadvantage with a range weapon, even if i'm not shooting at the person immediately next to me.
Rev. David (he/him): I think the answer is yes.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, well i'll take steady aim to cancel that out, and I will shoot out the guy.
Timothy Sackton: In very good enough, why don't you just oh wait you can't just can't you disengages that you can just dash or hide right.
Rev. David (he/him): I could have as a skirmish or I could have moved, but like there's nowhere, I can move.
Rev. David (he/him): That.
Timothy Sackton: where you can still okay steady aim, who are you aiming at.
Rev. David (he/him): The one right immediately next to me between me and secret.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was a lot.
For.
Rev. David (he/him): Nothing.
Mike Sackton: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: What I would do.
Mike Sackton: I mean you could use the disengage action to try and.
Rev. David (he/him): Get.
Rev. David (he/him): Out of the actually hold up.
Rev. David (he/him): No nevermind I used to do nevermind no.
Eric Rosenbaum: I haven't got much left even here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to do.
Timothy Sackton: right away.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah how do I really way.
Mike Sackton: Well, you could take the disengage action which what's you not take out the facts of opportunity.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: I don't know where you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the problem right.
Timothy Sackton: and always run up the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, where are the stairs oh behind this.
Mike Sackton: Welfare yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can.
Rev. David (he/him): Do to the entry.
Rev. David (he/him): And you just have one, at a time, at least.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna run this.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna run up the stairs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I wish I could run to my ladder.
Timothy Sackton: ladder I can sell attack, even if you're so you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: 123450 you move me okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: up at the top of the stairs now.
Timothy Sackton: But you still get your ladder attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay Oh, but I can't I can't see what's.
Timothy Sackton: up the ladder, you can still attack it doesn't need you to see it.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Go after if it has enough move it should really go after the werewolf that's near you I think kenzo and I can handle these two.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah nice okay it's move speed again.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's got like 3040 foot fly speed 60 foot five speed something ridiculous.
Eric Rosenbaum: And says 30 here.
Timothy Sackton: It has a 30 foot high speed, but one two that's funny.
Mike Sackton: It only needs three it doesn't need very much.
Timothy Sackton: can get there and attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, and so I just do my spell check.
Mike Sackton: um.
I have a question TIM.
Eric Rosenbaum: ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: ice had to.
Timothy Sackton: Go to the 10 plus three.
Mike Sackton: Does damage against temporary hip points is there is there any chance if if buy if you don't take actual hit point damage can you still get white cancer be.
Timothy Sackton: that's an interesting question.
Mike Sackton: Can I make a case for no you can't because you didn't really take any damage.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly.
Eric Rosenbaum: turn down a letter does nine.
Mike Sackton: wow so what's the answer, or is it unknown.
Timothy Sackton: unknowable.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: All right, then I will just attack the wolf in front of me.
Mike Sackton: 20.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Mike Sackton: Nine damage.
Mike Sackton: Second attack.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Mike Sackton: Eight damage okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you start hacking into it um these walls are now kind of this will have it's just going to lash out at the latter.
Timothy Sackton: Just they're just sort of preserve now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully bladder cannot contracts like empathy.
Timothy Sackton: it's gonna hit the ladder.
Timothy Sackton: All points of damage to the ladder.
Timothy Sackton: The ladder.
Timothy Sackton: Our hands 50 hip points because it has 10 plus five times your bb level so.
Timothy Sackton: yep 4500 points.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the ladder is a permanent player party.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the ladder stronger than I am.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's imbued with seekers magic ah, the ladder does not need to make a constitution, save it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ladders our new lead fighter.
Timothy Sackton: This one has gone to attack ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everyone wants a letter.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have a letter.
Timothy Sackton: Wait who.
Timothy Sackton: Enzo kenzo was the one who did the killing blow right.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Pack kenza.
Timothy Sackton: So 19 to hit with the bite.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, oh yeah I hits.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, three points of damage and secret role of concept to me oh.
Timothy Sackton: Fuck and to hit with the clause which Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I use my inspiration already so.
Mike Sackton: I mean you get used to kill the boss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know I was, I was pretty sweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: thousand babies, except.
Timothy Sackton: it's your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where do I get a plus one plus one.
Timothy Sackton: plus two, it should be our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Class possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: icons just post one.
Timothy Sackton: That ends Kansas turn are sorry Kansas turns up now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know hanging out with my new wolf brothers i'm a buck, I will still try to attack them.
I mean.
yeah I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I have to have an urge to like kill my party members now.
Timothy Sackton: No nothing happens to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I will attack um is there one more winded than the other.
Timothy Sackton: I think the one that down with has was hitting is in the one right in front of you is the other one is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'll try i'll try to kill the one that's.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: The life yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So life.
Timothy Sackton: looks pretty rough.
Timothy Sackton: it's very close to death, at this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: play damage celebrities.
Timothy Sackton: were also pretty tough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Timothy Sackton: All right, I better common you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are pretty tough, I mean they are pretty tough.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Okay, this one is still going to attack the ladder.
Timothy Sackton: that's a nine that Mrs that's a seven that Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eric why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are we not every single time we need to end it, you need to animate a party member for us it's like extremely fucking useful.
Rev. David (he/him): If you.
Timothy Sackton: are a powerful.
Timothy Sackton: Attacking guy with.
Timothy Sackton: No disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: I do not stop disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: of an experiment.
Mike Sackton: That hits he takes 20 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: You take seven.
Mike Sackton: points that does not go through my.
Mike Sackton: temper points.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a concept.
Mike Sackton: I don't believe that i'm supposed to be making a concert of here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You live in tim's world.
Mike Sackton: I don't believe in these cassez.
Mike Sackton: i'm also going to shatter rebuke him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay shadow rebuke.
Mike Sackton: that's my.
Mike Sackton: Do our way did I already use my reaction.
Mike Sackton: Know again.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, already dead too.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you a world you might.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be your.
Mike Sackton: i'm refusing to believe I ever needed to make a concert because didn't.
Mike Sackton: really hurt me it just fit my temporary hip points.
Rev. David (he/him): Here we go as my bonus action or or as my.
Rev. David (he/him): what's my comment i'm disengaging.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm moving over here.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm picking up the short sword.
Rev. David (he/him): And I am stabbing the guy that comes almost killed.
Mike Sackton: Okay hey which one bit me the one on the right of the left.
Timothy Sackton: This one here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah ah that Mrs yes.
Timothy Sackton: seeker your up.
Eric Rosenbaum: The stairs I can't see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some advice on what I should do in this situation.
Mike Sackton: i'm move half your move vicious mockery the one move back up the werewolf a plateau.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice i'm actually a little confused about the map, so if I move here.
Timothy Sackton: it's complicated because you're on a second you're on the second story.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I just can't even see where the first floor.
Timothy Sackton: here's the first time.
Timothy Sackton: But i'll just say you move down.
Timothy Sackton: move back up so you're kind of way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Focusing on the hill hostess aspect of the situation.
Timothy Sackton: And it.
Timothy Sackton: Has a wisdom say which it fails so roll your damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I forget what this is.
Timothy Sackton: are probably before and i've got disadvantage join us.
Mike Sackton: Next attack six did you do it, which which one do you do it on the one with the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I couldn't even see it happen test.
Timothy Sackton: You can be able to.
Timothy Sackton: find you want to do.
Mike Sackton: If you have the range do it on the.
Timothy Sackton: 160 foot, you could do it on on.
Mike Sackton: Do it on the one that's almost dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep that's what I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was.
Eric Rosenbaum: really bad breath.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it doesn't quite die from your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Coffee this.
Timothy Sackton: up.
Mike Sackton: All right, i'm gonna cast green flame blade.
Mike Sackton: put all my eggs in my rolling on one basket.
Timothy Sackton: Cheese so that does nothing.
Timothy Sackton: yep ah.
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to attack the ladder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ladder.
Timothy Sackton: Both had the ladder.
To.
Timothy Sackton: 15 more hip points 27 so it's getting wounded not gone yet.
Mike Sackton: When the latter might die.
Eric Rosenbaum: I might cast healing word on.
Timothy Sackton: This one that's almost dad is gonna attack della.
Timothy Sackton: 17 with the bite.
Timothy Sackton: On a 22 with the clock.
hit.
Mike Sackton: It takes 20 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: At the dives.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky finally.
Mike Sackton: How much damage.
Timothy Sackton: nine points of damage to you as it collapses in a.
Timothy Sackton: pile of like fried.
Mike Sackton: Yes, good still up for 10 points left one more shot at 20.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, can.
drop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See ya.
Mike Sackton: eat up the wolf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am like it hit on that role decently.
Timothy Sackton: Okay don't hit second one hats.
Timothy Sackton: hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
Timothy Sackton: pulled it off Oh, this one is almost dead now as well um.
Timothy Sackton: This is actually supposed to be this one's attorney is going to step in and attack you kenzo 19 on the bite.
Timothy Sackton: By 11 on the clause.
Timothy Sackton: So that's another three points of damage and rolling other concepts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does this even matter now since i'm already a werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: You might not be.
Mike Sackton: you're totally aware.
Timothy Sackton: turn.
Mike Sackton: The water or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the ball is going to continue attacking you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's our.
Timothy Sackton: One on the bite on TAO F, which is a one clause on ken's, which is a one.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be your up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, well, thank you again I stayed like a like an item that's like dear to me and some God needs to come.
Rev. David (he/him): back to the bow and take study math dude on the.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait seeker you didn't do on your next turn due to attacks on the ladder because he didn't do the latter latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh shoot yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, alright, so I had come out on the table.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: there's my dad.
Timothy Sackton: So while these arrow just pierces through this one knocks it off the table.
Timothy Sackton: 16 as it collapses dad turning back into a human.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I think my best bet is just the vicious mockery attack.
Mike Sackton: Again yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, how many points, does the letter have.
Timothy Sackton: It has i'm.
Timothy Sackton: 18.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay it's probably Okay, for now, then.
Mike Sackton: And don't forget to take your attacks with it.
it's your.
Timothy Sackton: Turn because.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to do go in for one more vicious mockery I just i'm just running down the stairs and and screaming results by everyone's.
Timothy Sackton: i'll just leave you at the top of the stairs he can see what's going on but.
Timothy Sackton: I rolled a 15 so it succeeds on save.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, and so to ladder attacks.
Timothy Sackton: That are cracks.
Eric Rosenbaum: So these are.
Timothy Sackton: Just your spell check.
Eric Rosenbaum: First, one is grapple.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Core 15.
Timothy Sackton: there's not much benefit ladder for apple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, really.
Mike Sackton: Oh, then he just didn't beat it up.
Timothy Sackton: Just beat it up so that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a letter pummel.
Timothy Sackton: latter pummel.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what's it's.
Timothy Sackton: 10 plus three.
Oh thanks.
Eric Rosenbaum: All.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right and will attack again it's just another pummel.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we'll do.
Eric Rosenbaum: That time Nice.
Timothy Sackton: that one is also now almost dad.
Timothy Sackton: latter latter is doing wow okay down with your up.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ladder gonna like.
Mike Sackton: This guy's almost to that.
has to do.
Mike Sackton: This one.
Is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many times, can you do this ladder spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Once a day.
Timothy Sackton: Or, more you use a third level spouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forgot about that fact yeah.
Mike Sackton: I am just going to attack it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you make more than one like animate fighter.
Mike Sackton: earth that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That hit one of the time.
Timothy Sackton: That heads yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should do this every battle right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We totally shifted yeah.
Mike Sackton: Eight damage.
Timothy Sackton: I see he's still alive yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other random things animate select we can just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now we're have a chair on our side and now there's like a palm tree that's fighting with.
Eric Rosenbaum: This other ability.
Mike Sackton: Where I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: He make anything up here so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's likely.
Timothy Sackton: going to do this one is going to see if he can take out this stupid ladder.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you can create arbitrary objects and have them be fighters for us in our party.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the claw attack will hit the latter doing another for damage 14 points hands out your up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not attacking my sporty can I can I attach a shed do I do after I feel compelled to attack Well, we know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no I mean I don't feel like talking, are you sure.
Timothy Sackton: yeah positive.
Rev. David (he/him): You can just attack me if you want it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Saying there's like a something inside me that feels like how to do it, I will.
Rev. David (he/him): move can move a square se, so I have a clear shot.
Timothy Sackton: whoo there yeah fighting back to back with a ladder.
Timothy Sackton: Flying oh that's gonna kill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, good.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that kills.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A lot of wow.
Timothy Sackton: This thing is gonna take one more shot at the ladder, oh no this already took us turn I messed up a mission so um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I think you're up.
Rev. David (he/him): A move and shoot.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can do, I feel fine.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you feel totally fine.
Mike Sackton: All right, Mr water.
Timothy Sackton: The ladder gets the kill kill shot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay letter.
Mike Sackton: You can do it you're just rope it.
Mike Sackton: What what I am doing like the latter version of a see plex.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like yourself up to.
Eric Rosenbaum: spin around from the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I guess, really a 20.
Timothy Sackton: boxes i'd like wow just.
Timothy Sackton: blow.
Timothy Sackton: This as rope and what just like whips through the body of this were on.
Timothy Sackton: Something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like like like gets the latter like just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know lapses on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A ladder to get like excited.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers or anything about merchandising.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He plays better than you dealt with.
Mike Sackton: That, if I did most of my damaged by being hit.
By hitting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He is better than secret least.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's true.
Mike Sackton: That is true.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't think I ever expected to see a letter kill someone or for you to to be in a fight with a puddle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: today.
it's.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Mike Sackton: can be a weird or night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah guys.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's been a.
Rev. David (he/him): Real quick everyone raise your hand if you're a werewolf now.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know what's gonna happen to you kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like I need to be brought in front of some you know high priests someplace and deacon curse me.
Mike Sackton: I hate to.
Mike Sackton: By end of the party early, but I really need to go to bed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'm here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I see a cleansing time it is.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a charm is it said.
Mike Sackton: No, no it's a curse all right.
Timothy Sackton: But as far as you know you feel totally fine.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: asymptomatic coded.
Timothy Sackton: As the dust settles you look around at the six dad was it 656 dead five dead bodies.
Timothy Sackton: go via peaks his head up like looks around sees the carnage.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: house suddenly quiet.
Timothy Sackton: Looking around at the.
Timothy Sackton: You know at the scene here you take a moment to catch your breath.
Timothy Sackton: relax.
Timothy Sackton: Grateful you've all survived.
Timothy Sackton: And we'll pick up with what you find when you search everybody next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And next time next time Sunday the 23rd.
Timothy Sackton: yeah oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or Friday.